                                              Published for SISSA by   Springer

                                                          Received: August 14, 2020
                                                        Accepted: September 9, 2020
                                                         Published: October 12, 2020

Search for new phenomena in ﬁnal states with large


jet multiplicities and missing transverse momentum                                    JHEP10(2020)062
         √
using       s = 13     TeV proton-proton collisions recorded
by ATLAS in Run 2 of the LHC


The ATLAS collaboration

 E-mail: atlas.publications@cern.ch

Abstract:  Results of a search for new particles decaying into eight or more jets and
moderate missing transverse momentum are presented. The analysis uses 139 fb−1 of
                            √
proton-proton collision data at s = 13 TeV collected by the ATLAS experiment at the
Large Hadron Collider between 2015 and 2018. The selection rejects events containing
isolated electrons or muons, and makes requirements according to the number of b-tagged
jets and the scalar sum of masses of large-radius jets. The search extends previous analyses
both in using a larger dataset and by employing improved jet and missing transverse
momentum   reconstruction methods which more cleanly separate signal from background
processes. No evidence for physics beyond the Standard Model is found. The results
are interpreted in the context of supersymmetry-inspired simpliﬁed models, signiﬁcantly
extending the limits on the gluino mass in those models. In particular, limits on the gluino
mass are set at 2 TeV when the lightest neutralino is nearly massless in a model assuming
a two-step cascade decay via the lightest chargino and second-lightest neutralino.

Keywords:   Hadron-Hadron scattering (experiments)

ArXiv ePrint:  2008.06032


Open Access, Copyright CERN,                 https://doi.org/10.1007/JHEP10(2020)062
for the beneﬁt of the ATLAS Collaboration.
Article funded by SCOAP3.
Contents

1  Introduction1

2  ATLAS detector2

3  Datasets                                                                   3
   3.1  Data                                                                  3

   3.2  Monte Carlo simulations4                                                      JHEP10(2020)062

4  Reconstruction and particle identiﬁcation7

5  Event selection9

6  Background estimation                                                     11
   6.1  Multijet background                                                  13
   6.2  Leptonic backgrounds                                                 16
   6.3  Background normalisation corrections                                 17
   6.4  Systematic uncertainties                                             18

7  Results and interpretation                                                23

8  Conclusion                                                                28

The ATLAS collaboration                                                      36


1   Introduction

The Large Hadron Collider [1] (LHC) has produced a large dataset of proton-proton (pp)
collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 TeV enabling searches for new heavy particles
predicted by theories such as supersymmetry (SUSY) [2–7]. Evidence for SUSY models
may be sought through searches for the production of these heavy particles (such as gluinos)
decaying, often via extended cascades, into lighter ones. If the lightest of these interacts
only weakly and is stable then it can be an ideal dark-matter candidate.
    In R-parity-conserving (RPC) [8] SUSY models, the presence of a stable lightest su-
persymmetric particle (LSP) often leads to ﬁnal states with signiﬁcant missing transverse
             miss
momentum (ET    ), often accompanied by a large number of jets. Large jet multiplicities
would also occur in events in which gluinos decay via R-parity-violating (RPV) [9] cou-
plings on short (. ns) timescales. In this case the LSPs decay within the detector volume,
so that the only invisible particles produced are neutrinos coming from SUSY particle de-
                    miss
cays, and hence the ET  per event is generally smaller. A similar signature arises from
                                                                            miss
any model in which cascade decays lead to the production of many jets, together with ET
either from dark-matter particles or neutrinos.


                                     – 1 –
    This paper reports the results of an analysis of 139 fb−1 of pp collision data recorded
  √
at  s = 13 TeV by the ATLAS experiment [10] throughout the entire Run-2 period of the
                                                miss
LHC (2015–2018). It explores events with signiﬁcant ET and at least eight jets with large
transverse momentum (pT). Selected events are further classiﬁed into categories based on
the presence of jets containing b-hadrons (b-jets) or on the sum of the masses of large-
radius jets. The b-jet selection improves sensitivity to beyond-the-Standard-Model (BSM)
signals with enhanced heavy-ﬂavour decays. Given the unusually high jet multiplicities of
the selected events, large jet masses can originate both from the capture of decay products
from boosted heavy particles, including top quarks, and from accidental combinations [11].
The major backgrounds to the signal in this search are multijet production from QCD   JHEP10(2020)062
processes, top quark pair production (tt¯) and W boson production in association with
jets (W +jets).
    Previous searches by ATLAS in similar ﬁnal states were carried out on smaller LHC
                   √              √
datasets recorded at s = 7 TeV and s = 8 TeV during 2011 and 2012 [12–14]. In addi-
                                √
tion, two searches were performed at s = 13 TeV, one analysing the 2015 dataset [15] and
one combining it with 2016 data [16] to achieve a total integrated luminosity of 36 fb−1.
The current analysis extends those previous studies by including the complete Run-2 LHC
dataset, by using an optimised selection tailored to the increased integrated luminosity,
and also by incorporating several improved analysis methods which further increase sensi-
                                                               miss
tivity. One such development is the use of the particle-ﬂow jet and ET reconstruction
algorithms recently developed for the ATLAS experiment [17]. These algorithms combine
measurements of inner tracker and calorimeter energy deposits to improve the accuracy
                                                                      miss
of the charged-hadron measurement, leading to improvements in the jet and ET resolu-
tion and stability against additional pp interactions in the same LHC bunch crossing. The
                                 miss
analysis also employs an improved ET signiﬁcance calculation [18], which accounts for
the resolution of the reconstructed objects individually. This new deﬁnition increases the
                                     miss
separation between events in which the ET originates from weakly interacting particles
                    miss
and those in which ET  is only due to detector resolution eﬀects. The combination of
the larger dataset and the developments in the analysis methodology provides this analysis
with sensitivity over a signiﬁcantly increased mass range.

2   ATLAS detector

The ATLAS detector [10] is a multipurpose particle detector with a nearly 4π coverage in
solid angle.1 It consists of an inner tracking detector (ID) surrounded by a thin supercon-
ducting solenoid providing a 2 T axial magnetic ﬁeld, electromagnetic (EM) and hadronic

  1ATLAS uses a right-handed coordinate system with its origin at the nominal interaction point in the
centre of the detector. The positive x-axis is deﬁned by the direction from the interaction point to the
centre of the LHC ring, with the positive y-axis pointing upwards, while the beam direction deﬁnes the
z-axis. Cylindrical coordinates (r, φ) are used in the transverse plane, φ being the azimuthal angle around
the z-axis. The pseudorapidity η is deﬁned in terms of the polar angle θ by η = − ln tan(θ/2). The rapidity

is deﬁned as y = 0.5 ln[(E + pz)/(E − pz)] where E denotes the energy and pz is the component of the

momentum along the beam direction. The transverse energy is deﬁned to be ET = E cos θ. The angular
distance ∆R is deﬁned as p(∆y)2 + (∆φ)2.


                                     – 2 –
calorimeters, and a muon spectrometer. The inner tracking detector covers the pseudora-
pidity range |η| < 2.5. It consists of silicon pixel, silicon microstrip, and transition radiation
tracking detectors. A new inner pixel layer, the insertable B-layer [19, 20], was added at
a mean radius of 3.3 cm before the start of the 2015 data-taking period, improving the
identiﬁcation of b-jets. Lead/liquid-argon (LAr) sampling calorimeters provide EM energy
measurements with high granularity. A steel/scintillator-tile hadron calorimeter covers the
central pseudorapidity range (|η| < 1.7). The endcap and forward regions are instrumented
with LAr calorimeters for EM and hadronic energy measurements up to |η| = 4.9. The
muon spectrometer surrounds the calorimeters and is based on three large air-core toroidal
superconducting magnets with eight coils each. The ﬁeld integral of the toroids ranges JHEP10(2020)062
between 2.0 and 6.0 Tm across most of the detector. The muon spectrometer includes a
system of precision tracking chambers and fast detectors for triggering. A two-level trigger
system [21] is used to select events. The ﬁrst-level trigger is implemented in hardware
and uses a subset of the detector information to keep the accepted rate below 100 kHz.
This is followed by a software-based trigger that reduces the accepted event rate to 1 kHz
on average.

3   Datasets

3.1  Data
The events considered in this paper correspond to 139 fb−1 of pp LHC collision data
collected between 2015 and 2018 by the ATLAS detector, at a centre-of-mass energy of
13 TeV and with a 25 ns proton bunch crossing interval. In 2015–2016 the average num-
ber of interactions per bunch crossing (pile-up) was hµi = 20, increasing to hµi = 38 in
2017 and hµi = 37 in 2018. The uncertainty in the combined 2015–2018 integrated lumi-
nosity is 1.7% [22], obtained using the LUCID-2 detector [23] for the primary luminosity
measurements.
    Events were recorded using a variety of trigger selections. During both 2015 and 2016,

events were selected by a trigger requiring at least six jets with ET > 45 GeV and central
pseudorapidity, |η| < 2.4. Further events were triggered in 2015 by requiring the presence

of at least ﬁve jets with ET > 70 GeV and |η| < 3.2, and in 2016 with a trigger requiring at
least ﬁve jets with ET > 65 GeV and |η| < 2.4. In both 2017 and 2018, events were selected
by triggers requiring at least ﬁve jets with ET > 70 GeV and |η| < 2.4, or seven jets with
ET > 45 GeV and |η| < 2.4. Additional triggers were also used in 2017 and for some periods
in 2018, which required at least six jets with ET > 45 GeV and |η| < 2.4. Due to their large
trigger rates, these were set to select only a fraction of the events, approximately 15% of
the two years’ data; such triggers are referred to as ‘prescaled’ triggers. The trigger jet
calibration was improved in 2017–2018, resulting in substantially improved eﬃciency [24]
after oﬄine selection for the same trigger thresholds. The trigger selections are summarised
later in table1 together with further event selections.
    Data quality requirements are imposed to ensure that only events in which the entire
ATLAS detector was functioning well are used [25]. These, for example, exclude events
containing data corruption in the ID and calorimeters, excessive noise and spurious jets
produced by non-collision backgrounds [26, 27].


                                     – 3 –
3.2  Monte Carlo simulations

Simulated events produced with several Monte Carlo (MC) event generators are used to
predict yields for subdominant background contributions from Standard Model (SM) pro-
cesses and for possible signals.
    All simulated events are overlaid with multiple pp collisions simulated with the soft
QCD processes of Pythia 8.186 [28] using the A3 set of tuned parameters (A3 tune) [29]
and the NNPDF2.3 LO parton distribution functions (PDFs) [30]. The simulated events are
required to pass the trigger selections, and are weighted such that the pile-up conditions

match those of the data. The response of the detector to particles was modelled with  JHEP10(2020)062
an ATLAS detector simulation [31] based on Geant4 [32] (full simulation), or using fast
simulation based on a parameterisation of the performance of the ATLAS EM and hadronic
calorimeters [33] and on Geant4 elsewhere.
    For the generation of tt¯ and single top quarks via the W t process and in the s-channel,
matrix elements were calculated at next-to-leading order (NLO) using the Powheg-
Box  v2  generator [34–39] with the NNPDF3.0 NLO  PDF set [40] in the ﬁve-ﬂavour
scheme. Electroweak t-channel single-top-quark events were generated using Powheg-
Box  v2, using the four-ﬂavour scheme for the NLO matrix element calculations together
with the ﬁxed four-ﬂavour PDF set NNPDF3.04f NLO. The diagram removal scheme [41]
was used to prevent W t events from being counted as tt¯ events beyond leading order (LO).
For these processes, the top quarks were decayed using MadSpin [42, 43] preserving all
spin correlations, while for all processes the parton shower, fragmentation, and the under-
lying event were simulated using Pythia 8.230 [44] with the NNPDF2.3 LO PDF set and

the ATLAS A14 tune [45]. The top quark mass was set to 172.5 GeV. The hdamp parame-
ter, which controls the pT of the ﬁrst additional emission beyond the Born conﬁguration in
Powheg, was set to 1.5 times the mass of the top quark. The main eﬀect of this parameter

is to regulate the high-pT emission against which the tt¯system recoils. The EvtGen v1.6.0
program [46] was used to model properties of the b- and c-hadron decays for this process
and all others not simulated with Sherpa [47] unless otherwise stated. Simulated tt¯ events
are normalised to the cross-section calculated at next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) in
perturbative QCD, including soft-gluon resummation to next-to-next-to-leading-logarithm
(NNLL) accuracy [48]. The single-top-quark events for the W t channel are normalised us-
ing its approximate NNLO prediction [49, 50], while the t- and s-channels are normalised
using their NLO predictions [51, 52].
    Events containing tt¯ and additional heavy particles — comprising three or four
top quarks, tt¯ + W , tt¯ + Z and tt¯ + WW production — were modelled using Mad-
Graph5  aMC@NLO      [53] for the matrix element calculation, interfaced to the Pythia
8 parton shower, hadronisation and underlying event model. The tt¯+ WW , three- and

four-top-quark processes were simulated at LO in the strong coupling constant αS, using
MadGraph5    aMC@NLO v2.2.2 interfaced to Pythia  8.186. The predicted production
cross-sections were calculated to NLO as described in ref. [53] for these processes other than
three-top-quark production, for which the cross-section was calculated to LO. The produc-
tion of tt¯ + W and tt¯ + Z events was modelled using MadGraph5 aMC@NLO   v2.3.3


                                     – 4 –
at NLO  with the NNPDF3.0 NLO   PDF. Top quarks were decayed at LO  using Mad-
Spin to preserve spin correlations. Parton shower and hadronisation were modelled with
Pythia 8.210. The cross-sections were calculated at NLO QCD and NLO EW accuracy us-
ing MadGraph5   aMC@NLO     as reported in ref. [54]. In the case of tt``¯ the cross-section

is additionally scaled by an oﬀ-shell correction estimated at one-loop level in αS. For all
processes, the A14 set of Pythia 8 parameters was used, together with the NNPDF2.3
LO PDF set. EvtGen   v1.2.0 was used to model properties of the b- and c-hadron decays.
The contribution from tt¯+ H was checked and found to be negligible.
    Events containing W or Z  bosons associated with jets were simulated using the
Sherpa  v2.2.1 generator. Matrix elements were calculated for up to two partons at NLO JHEP10(2020)062
and four partons at LO using the Comix [55] and OpenLoops [56] matrix element gen-
erators and merged with the Sherpa parton shower [57] using the ME+PS@NLO   pre-
scription [58]. The NNPDF3.0 NNLO PDF set [40] was used in association with a tuning
performed by the Sherpa authors.
    Diboson processes with one hadronically decaying boson accompanied by one charged
lepton and one neutrino, two charged leptons or two neutrinos were simulated using
Sherpa  v2.1.1. The calculations include one additional parton at NLO for ZZ → 2` + qq¯
and ZZ  → 2ν + qq¯ only, and up to three additional partons at LO using the Comix and
OpenLoops   matrix element generators and merged with the Sherpa parton shower using
the ME+PS@NLO prescription. The NNPDF3.0 NNLO PDF set was used in conjunction
with a dedicated parton shower tuning developed by the Sherpa authors. Diboson pro-
cesses with four charged leptons, three charged leptons and one neutrino, or two charged
leptons and two neutrinos, are found to be negligible.
    Theoretical uncertainties are considered for all simulated samples. By far the most
important process simulated in this analysis is tt¯production, and several samples produced
with diﬀerent conﬁgurations, as explained below, are compared to estimate the uncertainty
in this background. Samples were produced with the factorisation and renormalisation
scales varied coherently up and down by a factor of two, and with parameters set to provide
more/less radiation in the parton shower [59]. Additionally, to account for uncertainties
from the parton shower modelling and generator choice, the nominal sample is compared
to a sample generated with Powheg-Box   interfaced to Herwig 7 [60] using the H7-
UE tune [61] and the MMHT2014 LO    PDF set [62], as well as samples generated with
MadGraph5    aMC@NLO interfaced to Pythia  8. These alternative samples each use the
NNPDF3.0 NLO PDF for the matrix element calculation. The comparison with samples
which vary the amount of additional radiation contributes the largest uncertainty in the tt¯
signal region predictions. Similar alternative samples are used to assess the uncertainties
in single-top-quark production, whereas uncertainties in other processes are handled via
scale variations in the corresponding generator.
    Full simulation was used for all background MC samples, ensuring an accurate repre-
sentation of detector eﬀects. Further details of samples can be found in refs. [59, 63, 64].
    A number of SUSY signal model samples were simulated using the ATLAS fast de-
tector simulation [31] to allow the interpretation of the search results in terms of SUSY
parameters. Substantial cross-sections are possible for production of gluinos. The resulting


                                     – 5 –
       (a) Two-step decay      (b) Oﬀ-shell top squarks       (c) RPV


Figure 1. Pseudo-Feynman diagrams for the diﬀerent signal models used in this search. In (c), JHEP10(2020)062
 00
λ323 is one of the couplings of the third-generation squark to quarks in the RPV model.

cascade decays result in a large multiplicity of jets, and may also exhibit an unusually high
heavy-ﬂavour content or atypically large jet masses.
    The ﬁrst type of SUSY signal simulated is a simpliﬁed model, in which gluinos are
pair-produced and then decay through an oﬀ-shell squark via the cascade:

                                0          0          
                        g˜ → q +q ¯ + χ˜1 q, q ∈ {u, d, s, c} ,

                                 0
                      χ˜1 → W   + χ˜2,

                        0        0
                       χ˜2 → Z + χ˜1,

where the quarks are only permitted to be from the ﬁrst two generations. The parameters

of the model are the masses of the gluino, mg˜, and of the lightest neutralino, m 0 . The mass
                                                                    χ˜1
                                                        0
of the χ˜1 is constrained to be (mg˜+m 0 )/2, and the mass of the χ˜2 is set to (m  +m 0 )/2.
                                 χ˜1                                χ˜1   χ˜1
A diagram of this ‘two-step’ simpliﬁed model is shown in ﬁgure1 (a).
    An additional signal model to which this analysis has signiﬁcant sensitivity is gluino-

mediated top squark (t˜1) production, in which top-quark-rich ﬁnal states are produced as
shown in ﬁgure1 (b). This model manifests itself as top quark production via either oﬀ-
shell or on-shell top squarks. In the oﬀ-shell model, pair-production of gluinos is followed
                                                  0
by their decay with a 100% branching ratio into tt¯ + χ˜1, through a virtual top squark.
Naturalness arguments for SUSY favour light gluinos, top squarks, and Higgsinos, so they
motivate consideration of this ﬁnal state.
    Permitting non-zero RPV couplings allows consideration of another variety of gluino-
mediated top squark production, wherein the last step of the decay proceeds via a baryon-

number-violating interaction: t˜1 → s¯ + ¯b (with charge conjugates implied). Such RPV
models may give rise to ﬁnal states with missing transverse momentum, for example from
leptonic decays of W bosons produced in top quark decays. The current analysis accepts
ﬁnal states with suﬃciently low missing transverse momentum to be sensitive to these
RPV scenarios. Figure1 (c) presents the RPV simpliﬁed model considered, for which the
coupling strength induces prompt top squark decays.
    The signal samples were generated using MadGraph5   aMC@NLO     interfaced to
Pythia  8 with the A14 tune for the modelling of the parton shower, hadronisation and


                                     – 6 –
underlying event. The versions of the generators used for the two-step and RPV simpli-
ﬁed models were MadGraph5   aMC@NLO v2.6.2 with  Pythia  8.212, and for the gluino-
mediated top squark model MadGraph5    aMC@NLO    v2.3.3 with Pythia 8.212. The
matrix element calculation was performed at tree level and includes the emission of up to
two additional partons. The PDF set used for the generation was NNPDF2.3 LO. The Evt-
Gen  v1.6.0 program was used to simulate properties of the b- and c-hadron decays. The
matrix-element to parton-shower matching was done using the CKKW-L prescription [65],

with a matching scale set to mg˜/4.
    Signal cross-sections were calculated to approximate NNLO in the strong coupling
constant, adding the resummation of soft gluon emission at NNLL accuracy [66–73]. The JHEP10(2020)062
nominal cross-section and its uncertainty were determined using the PDF4LHC15 mc PDF
set, following the recommendations of ref. [74].

4   Reconstruction and particle identiﬁcation

Primary vertices are reconstructed using at least two charged-particle tracks with pT >
500 MeV measured by the ID [75]. The primary vertex with the largest sum of squared
                        P   2
track transverse momenta ( pT) is designated as the hard-scatter vertex.
    Jets are reconstructed using the anti-kt [76–78] jet algorithm with radius parameter
R = 0.4. It uses as inputs particle-ﬂow objects. These are charged-particle tracks matched

to the hard-scatter vertex with the requirement |z0 sin θ| < 2.0 mm, where z0 is the longi-
tudinal impact parameter, and calorimeter energy clusters surviving an energy subtraction
algorithm that removes the calorimeter deposits of good-quality tracks originating from
any vertex [17]. To eliminate jets containing a large energy contribution from pile-up, jets
are tested for compatibility with the hard-scatter vertex with the jet vertex tagger (JVT)
discriminant, utilising information from the ID tracks associated with the jet [79]. Any

jets with 20 GeV < pT < 120 GeV and  |η| < 2.4 for which JVT < 0.5 are considered
to originate from pile-up and are therefore rejected from the analysis. After the selection

above is applied, only jets with pT > 20 GeV and |η| < 2.8 are considered in this analysis,
                        miss
with the exception of the ET calculation, for which jets in the range 2.8 ≤ |η| ≤ 4.5 are
also used. Hadronically decaying τ-leptons are not discriminated from other hadronic jets.

    Reconstructed R = 0.4 jets with pT > 20 GeV and |η| < 2.0 are reclustered to form
large-radius jets using the anti-kt algorithm with radius parameter R = 1.0 [80]. The input
jets are required to pass an overlap removal procedure accounting for ambiguities between
jets and leptons, as discussed below. Large-radius jets are retained for analysis if they have

pT > 100 GeV and |η| < 1.5.
    Jets containing b-hadrons and which are within the ID acceptance (|η| < 2.5) are iden-
tiﬁed as b-tagged jets using a multivariate algorithm that exploits the impact parameters
of the charged-particle tracks, the presence of secondary vertices, and the reconstructed
ﬂight paths of b- and c-hadrons inside the jet [81]. The output of the algorithm is a single
discriminant value which signiﬁes the likelihood that the jet contains a b-hadron. This
analysis considers jets to be b-tagged if the discriminant exceeds a threshold that results
in an average identiﬁcation eﬃciency of 70% for jets containing b-hadrons in simulated tt¯


                                     – 7 –
events [82]. In the same event sample, a rejection factor of approximately 300 is reached
for jets initiated by light quarks and gluons and 8.9 for jets initiated by charm quarks.
    Electron candidates are reconstructed from energy deposits in the EM calorimeter that
are matched to charged-particle tracks in the ID [83]. ‘Baseline electrons’ are required to

satisfy pT > 7 GeV and |η| < 2.47. They are identiﬁed using the ‘loose’ operating point
provided by a likelihood-based algorithm [83]. Electrons with pT > 20 GeV are deﬁned
as ‘signal electrons’ if they pass a ‘tight’ likelihood selection including impact parameter
restrictions and the ‘GradientLoose’ isolation requirement [84] in addition to the ‘baseline
electron’ preselection. To achieve additional rejection of background electrons from non-
prompt sources, signal electron tracks must be matched to the hard-scatter vertex with a JHEP10(2020)062

longitudinal impact parameter |z0 sin θ| < 0.5 mm and a transverse impact parameter sig-
niﬁcance |d0|/σ(d0) < 5. Signal electrons are used in leptonic control regions, as described
in section 6.2. The electron reconstruction and identiﬁcation eﬃciency in simulated samples
are corrected by factors determined by data-MC comparison using a given ﬁnal state [84].
    Photon candidates are identiﬁed using ‘tight’ criteria for lateral shower shapes in the
ﬁrst and second layers of the EM calorimeter, as well as for the degree of hadronic shower

leakage [83]. Acceptance requirements of pT > 40 GeV and |η| < 2.37 are applied. Addi-
tionally, photons falling in the region 1.37 < |η| < 1.52 are removed, to avoid a region of
the calorimeter with limited instrumentation.
    Muon candidates are reconstructed from matching tracks in the ID and muon spec-
trometer, reﬁned through a global ﬁt which uses the hits from both subdetectors [85].

‘Baseline muons’ must have pT > 6 GeV and |η| < 2.7, and satisfy the ‘medium’ identiﬁ-
cation criteria. Similarly to electrons, the longitudinal impact parameter z0 relative to the
hard-scatter vertex is required to satisfy |z0 sin θ| < 0.5 mm. Muons are characterised as
‘signal muons’ if they have a higher transverse momentum, pT > 20 GeV, and satisfy the
‘GradientLoose’ isolation requirement [85], as well as a further transverse impact parameter

restriction |d0|/σ(d0) < 3. Signal muons are used in leptonic control regions, as described
in section 6.2. Muon reconstruction and identiﬁcation eﬃciencies in simulated samples are
corrected with factors evaluated by a data-MC comparison [86].
    To resolve the reconstruction ambiguities between electrons, muons, photons and jets,
an overlap removal procedure is applied to baseline objects. First, any electron sharing an
ID track with a muon is rejected. If it shares the same ID track with another electron,

the one with lower pT is discarded. Next, photons with ∆R < 0.4 relative to an electron
or a muon are discarded. Subsequently, non-b-tagged jets are rejected if they lie within

∆R  = 0.2 of an electron or if the jet has no more than three tracks with pT > 500 MeV,
                                                 jet    µ
or contains an ID track matched to a muon such that pT < 2pT and the muon track has
more than 70% of the sum of the transverse momenta of all tracks in the jet, such that the
jet resembles radiation from the muon. Finally, electrons or muons with ∆R < 0.4 from a
surviving jet are eliminated and jets with ∆R < 0.4 from photons are removed.
                                     miss
    The missing transverse momentum, ET , is deﬁned as the magnitude of the negative
vector sum of the transverse momenta of baseline electrons and muons, photons and jets,
which pass an overlap removal procedure, based on removing duplicated energy contribu-
tions and therefore distinct from that used for jet/lepton disambiguation. A ‘soft term’


                                     – 8 –
is added to recover the contributions from other low-pT particles [87, 88]. The soft term
is constructed from all tracks that are not associated with any of the preceding objects,
but that are associated with the hard-scatter vertex. In this way, the missing transverse
momentum   is adjusted for the best calibration of the leptons, photons and jets, while
maintaining pile-up robustness in the soft term.
          miss              miss
    The ET    signiﬁcance S(ET  ) is deﬁned in order to test the hypothesis that the
total transverse momentum carried by non-interacting particles is equal to zero against the
hypothesis that it is diﬀerent from zero. It quantiﬁes the degree to which the measured
  miss
ET   is inconsistent with originating purely from ﬂuctuations and mismeasurements. A
                            miss                                                      JHEP10(2020)062
large value indicates that the ET genuinely originates from non-interacting particles. In
                         miss                 miss
this search, the variable S(ET ) characterises the ET according to the pT, pT resolution,
and φ resolution of all objects in the event and is deﬁned [18] as:

                                            miss
                                miss      ET
                            S(ET   ) =             .
                                      q   2     2
                                        σL(1 − ρLT)

In this deﬁnition, σL is the total expected longitudinal resolution of all objects in the event
as a function of the pT of each object. Likewise, ρLT is the correlation factor between
all longitudinal and transverse object resolutions. The resolution of the soft term is ﬁxed
to 8.9 GeV in each of the transverse coordinates. The resolution of each jet is further
modiﬁed by the probability that the jet is a pile-up jet mistakenly tagged as being from

the hard-scatter interaction, parameterised in pT, η and JVT. By individually accounting
                                        miss
for these resolutions, this ‘object-based’ S(ET ) deﬁnition captures the response of the
                                                                    miss
ATLAS detector and reconstruction algorithms better than the simpler S(ET ) proxies
used in previous searches (such as in ref. [16]).

5   Event selection

Signal events for this analysis are characterised by a large jet multiplicity, beyond that
                                                            miss
generated by high cross-section SM processes, combined with an ET value that is sig-
niﬁcantly larger than that expected purely from detector resolution and mismeasurement
eﬀects. Several signal regions are deﬁned that select a minimum jet multiplicity and further
                         miss
require a large value of S(ET ).
    The common selection of events for the signal regions is as follows. Events are rejected
if no primary vertex is reconstructed. To limit the contribution from SM background
processes in which neutrinos are produced via the decay W → `ν, leading to signiﬁcant
  miss
ET   , events containing any baseline electron or muon with pT > 10 GeV surviving the
overlap removal are rejected.
                  miss
    Biases in the ET  due to pile-up jets surviving the JVT selection are removed by
excluding events for which a jet j with 60 GeV < pT < 70 GeV and JVT  <  0.2 lies
                miss                  miss 
opposite to the ET  vector in φ (∆φ(j, ET ) > 2.2). Likewise, events are rejected if
they contain a jet with pT > 50 GeV and |η| < 2.0 pointing in η–φ towards a region in
which tile calorimeter modules were disabled.


                                     – 9 –
    Subsequently, restrictions on the jet multiplicity Njet are imposed; only jets with pT >
50 (80) GeV and |η| < 2.0 are considered as signal jets and therefore used in the Njet
selection. These selections are abbreviated as j50 (j80), for which the corresponding jet
                          50   80
multiplicities are denoted Njet (Njet). The lower and higher jet-pT thresholds provide
sensitivity to a variety of potential SUSY mass spectra and ensure that the corresponding
trigger selections give eﬃciencies in simulation and in data that match to within 2%.
                        miss
    A requirement of S(ET  ) > 5 is the last element of the common selection. This
criterion eliminates the vast majority of SM multijet and other background events with
     miss
low ET  , while retaining sensitivity to a broad range of potential signals.
    Motivated by the likelihood of heavy-ﬂavour jets being produced from cascade decays, JHEP10(2020)062
events are classiﬁed by their b-jet multiplicity. Events passing the common selection may

then be categorised according to three classes depending on whether they satisfy Nb-jet = 0,
Nb-jet = 1 or Nb-jet ≥ 2.
    Should SUSY particles be produced and decay through a long decay chain, or provide
enough kinetic energy to signiﬁcantly boost heavy particles such as top quarks or SM
electroweak bosons, signal events might be characterised not only by an unusually large jet
multiplicity but also by the formation of large-radius jets with high masses. The kinematic
structure of SM events, by contrast, does not produce a high rate of events containing
large-radius jets with a mass greater than the top quark mass. On this basis, the selection
          Σ                                     R=1.0
variable MJ is deﬁned to be the sum of the masses mj of the large-radius jets

                                  Σ   X    R=1.0
                                MJ  =    mj
                                       j

                                                   R=1.0                R=1.0
where the sum is over the large-radius jets that satisfy pTj > 100 GeV and |ηj | <
1.5, as described in section4 . After the common selection and Nb-jet classiﬁcation, selected
                                          Σ
events may be further partitioned into three MJ bins:

       Σ
   • MJ  ≤ 340 GeV;

                 Σ
   • 340 GeV < MJ  ≤ 500 GeV;

       Σ
   • MJ  > 500 GeV.
As the bin boundaries are at approximately twice and three times the top quark mass,
                                                        Σ
the residual irreducible backgrounds remaining in the higher MJ bins are respectively top
quark pair production in association with vector bosons and processes with four top quarks,
both of which have a very small rate.
                                  Σ
    The subselections in Nb-jet and MJ are used in two subanalyses. First, a set of multi-
bin signal selections is deﬁned to improve the exclusion reach in the absence of an observed
                                                              50
excess. Starting from the common selections, shown in table1 , for Njet ≥ 8, the selected
                                   Σ
events are partitioned by Nb-jet and MJ according to the thresholds above, deﬁning nine
statistically independent bins, as shown in table2 . The same subdivision is applied for
                     50          50
events satisfying the Njet ≥ 9 and Njet ≥ 10 common selections. The statistical analyses
                     50
of the three diﬀerent Njet selections are performed separately since the selections are not


                                     – 10 –
       Selection criterion                   Selection ranges

                               50                            80
      Jet multiplicity, Njet  Njet ≥ 8, 9, 10, 11, 12       Njet ≥ 9

                                                        2015: 5 jets, ET > 70 GeV
                          2015–2016: 6 jets, ET > 45 GeV
       Trigger thresholds                               2016: 5 jets, ET > 65 GeV

                          2017–2018: 7 jets, ET > 45 GeV 2017–2018: 5 jets, ET > 70 GeV

          Lepton veto                  0 baseline leptons, pT > 10 GeV

     miss            miss                       miss
    ET  signiﬁcance, S(ET )                  S(ET  ) > 5.0

                                                                            Σ         JHEP10(2020)062
 Table 1. Summary of common selections prior to the categorisations based on Nb-jet and MJ .

                              50                          Σ
       Signal region        Njet      Nb-jet            MJ  [GeV]
       SR-8ij50 multi-bin    ≥8
       SR-9ij50 multi-bin    ≥9   = 0, = 1, ≥ 2  (0, 340], (340, 500], (500, ∞)
       SR-10ij50 multi-bin  ≥10

Table 2. Signal region subdivisions for the multi-bin ﬁt in the {8,9,10}ij50 analysis channels. The
selections on these variables apply to the signal regions as well as to the multijet template and
validation regions described later in section6 . For each inclusive jet-multiplicity ﬁt, nine regions
                                  Σ
are generated combining the Nb-jet and MJ selections.

statistically independent. For example, one of the nine bins in the 8-jet selection (e.g.
            Σ
Nb-jet = 0, MJ > 500) includes all events in the corresponding bin for the 9- and 10-jet
selections. The inputs to the statistical analysis also include validation regions (VRs) and
control regions (CRs), further discussed in section6 .
    Additionally, an ensemble of single-bin regions is deﬁned making use of inclusive se-
                     Σ
lections in Nb-jet and MJ , which are designed to reject the SM hypothesis with high con-
ﬁdence, should new physics be present. Following an optimisation procedure to max-
imise coverage over the benchmark signal models, the signal regions deﬁned in table3
were considered. To give an indication of their relevance, the two-step gluino cascade
decay motivates the SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ340 and SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ500 regions while the
SR-9ij50-0ib-MJ340  and SR-10ij50-1ib-MJ500  regions are optimised for sensitivity to
                       0
gluino decays into tt¯ + χ˜1. The SR-10ij50-1ib-MJ500 selection also provides the best
sensitivity to RPV gluino decays.
    If an excess of data is observed over the background predictions, its signiﬁcance can
be quantiﬁed in the single-bin regions. If on the contrary the data are consistent with the
background-only hypothesis, signal models are excluded using the constraint achieved by
whichever signal region is expected to be most sensitive to the model, whether it is a single-
or multi-bin selection.

6   Background estimation

The signal selection in this analysis demands higher jet multiplicities than can practi-
cally be generated with ﬁxed-order multi-leg matrix element MC generators for most SM


                                     – 11 –
                                       50   80           Σ
                Signal region        Njet  Njet Nb-jet MJ  [GeV]
                SR-8ij50-0ib-MJ500    ≥8   —     —       ≥500
                SR-9ij50-0ib-MJ340    ≥9   —     —       ≥340
                SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ340  ≥10   —     —       ≥340
                SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ500  ≥10   —     —       ≥500
                SR-10ij50-1ib-MJ500  ≥10   —     ≥1      ≥500
                SR-11ij50            ≥11   —     —        —

                SR-12ij50-2ib        ≥12   —     ≥2       —                           JHEP10(2020)062
                SR-9ij80              —    ≥9    —        —

Table 3. Summary of signal region criteria for single-bin selections. The requirements in multi-
           Σ
plicity and MJ are inclusive in all cases. A dash (‘-’) indicates that no requirement is applied to
                                        miss
the corresponding variable. The requirement S(ET ) > 5 is applied to all bins.

background processes. The kinematic requirements also challenge the parton shower ap-
proximations that are used to obtain higher multiplicities than are possible in ﬁxed-order
calculations. For this reason the analysis was designed in a manner that allows the expected
yields in the signal regions for each of the most important backgrounds to be determined ei-
ther from fully data-driven methods or by using measurements of ATLAS data to calibrate
and to conﬁrm the predictions of the MC simulations.
    Three diﬀerent broad classes of backgrounds are identiﬁed, and a diﬀerent strategy is
employed for each.
    The ﬁrst class of background is multijet production through QCD processes in which
detector resolution eﬀects produce an apparent momentum imbalance even in the absence
            miss                                         miss
of any true ET . This class includes any contribution to the ET from neutrinos when
semileptonic decays of b- and c-hadrons are present in those jets. The probability dis-
tribution of jet mismeasurement from either source can be measured with high statistical
                                                                 miss
precision in data events with lower jet multiplicity. The distribution of S(ET ) is observed
to be almost independent of the jet multiplicity, and so the expected yield in each signal
                                                                  miss
region can be determined using a data-driven background template of S(ET ) extracted
from lower jet-multiplicity data events. Section 6.1 describes this method fully.
    The second class of backgrounds consists of processes which contain true momentum
imbalance caused by the production of neutrinos in association with charged leptons (ex-
cluding semileptonic b- and c-hadron decays, which fall in the ﬁrst class). The dominant
backgrounds in this second class are from tt¯and W +jets production. For such backgrounds,
auxiliary measurements of the data in control regions (CRs) are used to normalise the
predictions from MC simulation. This control region approach is described in detail in
section 6.2.
    The third class comprises subdominant backgrounds such as events from leptonically
decaying Z bosons and associated jets (Z+jets), single-top-quark production, diboson pro-
duction of WW , WZ, or ZZ, and the production of tt¯ in association with heavier particles


                                     – 12 –
                  Njet


                          h
                  Nh    TRnorm                   SR


                          l
                  Nl    TRnorm                   TRshape
                                                                                      JHEP10(2020)062
                     0        X        Y                  Emiss
                                                        S( T  )
Figure 2. Schematic of the kinematic regions used in the multijet template estimate for the
multijet background. SR represents any signal region, while the three TR variations are regions used
to extract and normalise the corresponding background prediction.

—  this ﬁnal item covers the production of three or four top quarks, tt¯+ W , tt¯+ Z, and
tt¯+WW  production, and is collectively denoted by ‘tt¯+X’. The expected yields from these
backgrounds are found to be suﬃciently small that they may be estimated with adequate
precision from MC simulation alone.
    The ﬁnal determination of the yield from each of the ﬁrst two classes of backgrounds
is obtained using a simultaneous ﬁt including control regions, as described in section 6.3.

6.1  Multijet background
The analysis is designed such that a data-driven method can be used for the estimation
of the dominant multijet background. This technique relies on the approximate invariance
                 miss
of the multijet S(ET ) distribution with respect to changes in the jet multiplicity. The
procedure is also referred to as the multijet template estimate and is schematically shown
in ﬁgure2 , which illustrates various template regions (TRs) used to extract the prediction.
                                                    ˆ         miss
    The predicted multijet background yield in a region N[a < S(ET ) < b] with high
                          miss
jet multiplicity (Nh) and S(ET ) in the range (a, b) is obtained from the measured yield

NTRshape in a lower jet-multiplicity (Nl) template region TRshape through the relation

                                   N  h
               ˆ        miss         TRnorm              miss
              N[a < S(ET   ) < b] =       NTRshape [a < S(ET ) < b].
                                   N  l
                                     TRnorm
                                                     l         h
In this equation, the regions for template normalisation TRnorm and TRnorm, at lower and
                                           miss
higher jet multiplicity respectively, require S(ET ) < 2 in order to reduce signal and
leptonic background contamination. The fraction of signal contamination for non-excluded
parameter values in the target models is found to range from < 0.1% to 10% depending on
the region.
                                                   l         h
    The multijet yields in the template regions TRshape, TRnorm and TRnorm are extracted by
subtracting the predicted contributions from the two leptonic background classes from the
                                       50              l
yield in data. For signal regions requiring Njet ≥ 8–12, the TRnorm and TRshape are deﬁned
                  50                     80
using events with Njet = 7. The criterion Njet = 5 deﬁnes the corresponding template


                                     – 13 –
                   miss
                S(ET  ) range  0–2    2–3  3–4    4–5      > 5
                 80             l
                Njet = 5      TRnorm  ———                 TRshape
                 80
                Njet = 6        ————                      VRNjet
                 80             h
                N   ≥ 9       TR      —    QCR  VR  miss    SR
                 jet            norm              S(ET )

Table 4. Illustration of the main multijet template, control and validation regions in Njet and
   miss
S(ET  ) corresponding to the SR-9ij80 signal region. The template regions used to derive predic-
tions in the control and validation regions are not shown.
                                                                                      JHEP10(2020)062
                                              80            h
regions for the signal region selecting events with Njet ≥ 9. The TRnorm selection requires
the same jet multiplicity as the corresponding signal region.
    A residual dependence of the multijet template estimate on event kinematics was ob-
served previously [15]. This secondary dependence is addressed by applying the tem-
plate method diﬀerentially in bins of the total scalar sum of jet transverse momenta
       P
HT  =    j∈jets pTj, where pTj > 40 GeV. The HT bin ranges are chosen dynamically
to ensure good statistical precision in each bin. The eﬀect of a diﬀerent choice of the bin-
ning on the background estimate is accounted for by a dedicated systematic uncertainty.
                                                                              Σ
For each signal region bin, the template estimate is extracted after applying the same MJ
and Nb-jet selections to all relevant template regions. Residual inaccuracies due to the Njet
extrapolation and potential mismodelling of the simulated backgrounds in the template
                                                                   miss
regions are corrected in a control region (QCR) deﬁned in the range 3 < S(ET ) < 4, and
at the same jet multiplicity as the signal region. The yield in each QCR is used as input to
the simultaneous ﬁt described in section 6.3.
    To verify the accuracy of the multijet background prediction, two sets of validation
regions are deﬁned. These correspond to the two dimensions in which the background
prediction is extrapolated:


   • VRNjet is deﬁned at a jet multiplicity below that of the signal region, and tests the
                        miss
     extrapolation in S(ET );

                                                   miss
   • VR   miss instead is deﬁned in an intermediate S(E ) range between the QCR and
       S(ET  )                                     T
                                       miss
     the signal region, speciﬁcally 4 < S(ET ) < 5, and tests the extrapolation in Njet.

                                                  80
    For the SR-9ij80 signal region, the VRNjet requires Njet = 6, a multiplicity between the
template regions and the signal region selection. An intermediate jet-multiplicity region is
not available for the j50 selections, as the SR-8ij50 regions are adjacent to the template
                                   50
regions. Instead, the VRNjet requires Njet = 7, and the test is performed on a template
                         50
extracted from data with Njet = 6, selected with a prescaled trigger. The template region
    miss
S(ET   ) and Njet requirements are summarised together with the QCR and VR requirements
                                               miss
in table4 and table5 . Example distributions of S(ET ) in the lower jet-multiplicity VRs
are shown in ﬁgure3 .


                                     – 14 –
                           108
                                                   Data 2015-2018
                                 ATLAS             Total background
                             7
                           10    s = 13 TeV, 139 fb-1 Multijets
                                                   tt → ll, ql
                                 VR-7ej50-2ib
                                                   W → lν + jets
                           106                     Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                   Single top
                                                   tt + X
                           105                     VV → qq ll, qq lν
                                                   ~ ~
                                                   g → t t → tbs (RPV) x100
                                                   ~  1  0
                                                   g → qqWZχ∼ x100
                           104                           1

                           103

                           102
                          Number  of Events / Bin Width
                                                                                                 JHEP10(2020)062

                            10

                             1
                            1.2
                                                              miss
                            1.1                            S(E T )
                             1
                            0.9
                          Data/Pred. 0.8
                             0   1  2   3  4   5  6  7   8  9  10
                                                             miss
                                                           S(ET )

                                       50
                                  (a) Njet = 7, Nb−jet ≥ 2


                           109
                                                   Data 2015-2018
                                 ATLAS             Total background
                             8
                           10    s = 13 TeV, 139 fb-1 Multijets
                                                   tt → ll, ql
                                 VR-6ej80-0ib
                                                   W → lν + jets
                           107                     Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                   Single top
                                                   tt + X
                           106                     VV → qq ll, qq lν
                                                   ~ ~
                                                   g → t t → tbs (RPV) x100
                                                   ~  1  0
                                                   g → qqWZχ∼ x100
                           105                           1

                           104

                           103
                          Number  of Events / Bin Width

                           102

                            10
                            1.2
                                                              miss
                            1.1                            S(E T )
                             1
                            0.9
                          Data/Pred. 0.8
                             0   1  2   3  4   5  6  7   8  9  10
                                                             miss
                                                           S(ET )

                                       80
                                  (b) Njet = 6, Nb−jet ≥ 0

                             miss
Figure 3. Distributions of S(ET  ) for events in two of the validation regions. The upper panel
shows the absolute yields for data (black points) and all background subcomponents (histograms),
with the combination of statistical and systematic uncertainties shown by the hatched areas. The
yields for two benchmark signal models are overlaid, representing 1.6 TeV gluinos decaying into
W  and Z bosons and a 100 GeV neutralino via intermediate gauginos (long dashed histogram) or
instead into tbs/tbd via a 600 GeV top squark through an R-parity-violating (RPV) coupling (short
dashed histogram). Signal yields are scaled by a factor of 100 for visibility. The lower panel shows
the ratio of the data yields to the total SM prediction.


                                         – 15 –
             miss
         S(ET   ) range           0–2     2–3  3–4     4–5       > 5
           50                    l,prescale                     prescale
         Njet = 6, prescaled data TRnorm   ———                TRshape
           50                    h,prescale
         Njet = 7, full dataset TRnorm     ———                  VRNjet
           50                      l
         Njet = 7, full dataset  TRnorm    ———                 TRshape
           50                      h
         N   ≥ 8, full dataset   TR        —   QCR  VR   miss    SR
           jet                     norm               S(ET )

Table 5. Illustration of the main multijet template, control and validation regions in Njet and
   miss
S(ET  ) corresponding to the j50 signal regions. The template regions needed to derive predictions
in the control and VR miss regions are not shown. For the row labelled ‘prescaled data’, a six-jet
                 S(ET )
trigger was used that collected only a fraction of the Run 2 data. The superscript ‘prescale’ is JHEP10(2020)062

used to indicate the template regions used to predict the VRNjet background using prescaled data.

6.2  Leptonic backgrounds

The SM  processes which produce multijet events with one or more leptons are categorised
as leptonic backgrounds. Although events containing charged leptons (e or µ) are excluded
from the signal regions, it is still possible for leptonic backgrounds to contaminate them.
The veto only applies to events containing electrons or muons, and hence hadronically
decaying τ-leptons (originating from top quark or W boson decays) remain a source of
background. Such τ-leptons are treated as jets within this analysis, so they may contribute

to the jet count if they have suﬃcient pT, and the momentum lost through any associated
neutrinos can also cause these events to enter the signal regions. Additionally, there are
cases where the electrons or muons may fall outside of the detector acceptance, or be
                                            miss
misreconstructed in the detector, increasing the ET of the event.
    The two largest leptonic backgrounds are from leptonically and semileptonically de-
caying tt¯, and leptonically decaying W bosons produced in association with jets. The
estimation of these backgrounds employs the MC simulations described in section3 . To re-
duce normalisation and modelling uncertainties the background predictions are normalised
to data using CRs.
    The control regions are designed to be kinematically similar to signal regions, but not
to overlap with them. They are designed to enhance the contributions from particular
backgrounds, in order to measure those backgrounds cleanly, while being comparatively
sparse in signal contamination. Statistical orthogonality between the signal regions and
the leptonic CRs is achieved by requiring exactly one electron or muon in CR events. To

reduce statistical uncertainties, each Njet ≥ m signal region has a corresponding (Njet ≥
                                                              50
m − 1) control region, except in the case of signal regions with an Njet ≥ 8 requirement,
where there are suﬃciently large yields in the control region to match the signal region

Njet ≥ m requirement. In order to increase the statistical precision in control regions with
                                        miss
higher jet-multiplicity requirements, the S(ET ) threshold is reduced to 4 in the leptonic
control regions.
    Two leptonic control regions are deﬁned for each signal region: the ﬁrst (WCR) includes
a b-jet veto to enhance the contribution of W +jets backgrounds, and the second (TCR)
requires at least one b-jet in the event, enriching the region with the tt¯ background. The


                                     – 16 –
      Selection criterion                  Selection ranges
      Lepton multiplicity  Exactly one signal e or µ remaining after overlap removal

      Lepton pT                               > 20 GeV

      mT                                      < 120 GeV
      Trigger                            Same as signal regions

      Jet pT, |η|                        Same as signal regions
                                     ≥ 8, for N 50 ≥ 8 signal regions;
      N   (including lepton)                 jet
        jet                              SR
                                    ≥ (Njet − 1), otherwise
      Nb-jet                             = 0 (WCR), ≥ 1 (TCR)


        Σ                                                                             JHEP10(2020)062
      MJ                                 Same as signal regions
         miss
      S(ET  )                                   >  4

       Table 6. Summary of the selections used to deﬁne the leptonic control regions.

                         8, 9, 10ij50
                                           N    = 0  N    ≥ 1
                        CR deﬁnitions       b-jet     b-jet
                         Σ
                       MJ  ≤ 340 GeV        WCR1      TCR1
                              Σ
                   340 GeV < MJ ≤ 500 GeV   WCR2      TCR2
                         Σ
                       MJ  > 500 GeV        WCR3      TCR3

   Table 7. Control region subdivisions for the background ﬁts for multi-bin signal selections.


signal-region pT thresholds imposed on the jets also apply to the corresponding control
regions. To simulate the eﬀect of τ-leptons being reconstructed as jets in the signal regions,
electrons and muons are also included as jets, for the purpose of the corresponding CR

selection, provided that they pass the same pT and |η| requirements as the jets in the
event. Finally, an upper bound on the transverse mass2 computed with the lepton and
  miss
ET   is applied at 120 GeV in order to reduce contributions from signal processes. This
variable has a kinematic endpoint at the W boson mass for leptonically decaying on-shell
                                                      miss
W  bosons, but has no such bound when the lepton and ET   originate from diﬀerent
decays. The control region deﬁnitions are summarised in table6 .
                                        Σ
    Additional requirements are placed on MJ for the control regions in the same manner
as for the corresponding signal region selections. In the case of the single-bin selections
(table3 ), the same threshold is applied. For multi-bin selections, the control regions have
                                    Σ
three bins, corresponding to the same MJ thresholds, as shown in table7 .
    The WCR and TCR are used as inputs to a ﬁt that applies normalisation corrections to
the tt¯ and W +jets background components, as described in section 6.3.

6.3  Background normalisation corrections
Background estimates in the signal region are made more accurate by employing a back-
ground likelihood ﬁt based on the control regions, using the methods described in ref. [89].
By means of this ﬁt, the raw estimated yields for the major background components, in-
                                q
  2                                 ` miss          ` ~ miss      `
   The transverse mass is deﬁned as mT = 2pTET [1 − cos(∆φ( ~pT , ET ))], where pT is the lepton pT.


                                     – 17 –
cluding the multijet, tt¯, and W +jets processes, are corrected for mismodelling. For the
other background processes, which contribute of the order of 1% of the SR yields, the
nominal MC predictions are used directly. The extent to which the background prediction

is compatible with the signal region observation is quantiﬁed in the form of a p-value CLb,
which is the probability of an upward ﬂuctuation of the event yield relative to the signal
region prediction no larger than that observed in data, given the background model. The
multijet background, while estimated using a data-driven procedure, is incorporated in the
simultaneous ﬁt due to the dependence of the template prediction on the subtraction of
other backgrounds which include the simulated tt¯ and W +jets estimates. Besides correct-
ing for any residual mismodelling, ﬁtting the multijet component handles the correlations JHEP10(2020)062
between the systematic uncertainties of the diﬀerent background components consistently.
    In the case of the single-bin regions (table3 ), the normalisations of the background
components are allowed to vary within their nominal uncertainties, described in section 6.4.
For the multi-bin analysis channels (table2 ), the additional information available to the
ﬁt permits a reduction in the uncertainties, as well as a modiﬁcation of the event yields
to better accommodate the control region measurements. To avoid artiﬁcially constraining
systematic uncertainties in the background ﬁt due to the high statistical precision, the
                                                                        Σ
multijet normalisation region QCR is limited to a single bin with Nb-jet ≥ 0 and MJ ≥ 0.
    For illustration, the pre-ﬁt yields for the SR-8ij50 leptonic CRs are shown in ﬁgure4 ,
demonstrating the extent of the observed mismodelling in the W +jets and tt¯normalisation.
The ﬁtted normalisation factors are summarised for all signal selections in ﬁgure5 , and
are found to be consistent across the wide range of jet multiplicities probed.

    Figure6 shows the background modelling in the validation regions VRN and VR miss
                                                                 jet     S(ET  )
for the SR-8ij50 multi-bin analysis. Considering uncertainties, the data yields are in agree-
ment with the predictions after applying the background normalisation factors. Similar
levels of agreement are found for the single-bin signal regions, as can be seen in ﬁgure7 . In

the VR  miss , there is a tendency for the background predictions to mildly overshoot the
      S(ET )
                                                                           miss
data, at the level of 10%. This is due to residual kinematic correlations causing the S(ET )
distribution not to be entirely independent of the jet multiplicity. Applying ﬂavour-tagging
and jet mass selections alters these correlations. In the validation and signal regions, an
uncertainty based on the largest observed non-closure at lower jet multiplicities or smaller
    miss
S(ET   ) values is applied, and is found to cover the observed discrepancies.

6.4  Systematic uncertainties

Systematic uncertainties from the following sources are assessed for the predicted back-
ground yields. Experimental systematic uncertainties chieﬂy include uncertainties in the
energy or momentum  scales of reconstructed jets and leptons or the missing transverse
momentum, as well as the uncertainty in the total integrated luminosity and the mag-
nitude of pile-up corrections. Theoretical uncertainties are assessed by varying the scales
(renormalisation, factorisation, resummation, shower matching) at which cross-sections are
calculated or by comparison of an ensemble of matrix element and parton shower programs
used to generate the predictions. Each source of theoretical uncertainty is correlated across


                                     – 18 –
                         5
                        10  ATLAS             Data
                                       -1     Total background


                      Events s= 13 TeV, 139 fb tt → ll, ql
                                              W → lν + jets
                         4
                        10  WCR-8ij50, pre-fit Z → ll, νν + jets
                                              Single top
                                              tt+X
                                              VV → qqll, qqlν
                        103

                        102

                        10
                                                                                      JHEP10(2020)062
                        1.5
                        1.25
                         1
                        0.75
                        0.5
                      Data  / Pred. MJΣ < 340 340 < MJΣ < 500 MJΣ > 500

                                 (a) WCR, pre-ﬁt


                            ATLAS             Data
                                              Total background
                        105            -1
                      Events s= 13 TeV, 139 fb tt → ll, ql
                                              W → lν + jets
                            TCR-8ij50, pre-fit Z → ll, νν + jets
                        104                   Single top
                                              tt+X
                                              VV → qqll, qqlν

                        103

                        102

                        10

                        1.5
                        1.25
                         1
                        0.75
                        0.5
                      Data  / Pred. MJΣ < 340 340 < MJΣ < 500 MJΣ > 500

                                 (b) TCR, pre-ﬁt

Figure 4. Pre-ﬁt yields in the (a) W +jets and (b) tt¯ background normalisation regions for the
SR-8ij50 multi-bin analysis. The upper panel shows the absolute yields for data (black points)
and all background subcomponents (histograms), with the combination of statistical and systematic
uncertainties shown by the hatched areas. The lower panel shows the ratio of the data yields to the
total SM prediction.

the signal, control and validation region selections, but assessed separately for each back-
ground process.
    Additional uncertainties account for potential inaccuracies in the data-driven multijet
estimate. The eﬀects of residual kinematic correlations are estimated by modifying the

HT-binning procedure used in the multijet estimate. A comparison between the nominal
prediction and an alternative prediction assuming a broader resolution for ﬂavour-tagged
jets measured in data is used to estimate the impact of diﬀerent ﬂavour composition in


                                     – 19 –
         1.6                                                ATLAS

        1.4
                                                            s= 13 TeV, 139 fb-1
         1.2
          1

       Normalisation  factor 0.8

         0.6                                                  tt → ll, ql
        0.4                                                   W → lν + jets
                                                              Multijets

         0.2                                                                          JHEP10(2020)062

          0  8ij50, multi-bin9ij50, multi-bin10ij50, 8ij50-0ib-MJ500multi-bin9ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ50010ij50-1ib-MJ50011ij50-0ib-MJ012ij50-2ib-MJ09ij80-0ib-MJ0


Figure 5. Summary of the ﬁtted normalisation factors for the tt¯, W +jets and multijet backgrounds
in all signal regions. The error bars indicate the combination of statistical and systematic uncertain-
ties in the corresponding factors. Two pairs of SRs, namely the SR-8ij50 and SR-9ij50 multi-bin
regions and the SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ500 and SR-10ij50-1ib-MJ500 single-bin regions share leptonic
control regions, and therefore have highly correlated normalisation factors for the W +jets and tt¯
background components.

the template and signal regions. Finally, a conservative uncertainty is assessed from the
observed non-closure of the prediction in validation regions.
    The dominant sources of systematic uncertainty are listed in table8 . The total uncer-
tainty in the predicted signal region yield is in the range 6–14% for the multi-bin signal
regions, and 7–66% for the less constrained single-bin regions. In both cases the largest
uncertainties arise in the regions with the highest requirements on the jet multiplicity (and
                                                 Σ
in the single-bin case also on the b-jet multiplicity or MJ ) since in those cases the support-
ing measurements are more statistically limited and so provide less precise constraints on
the background predictions.
    In each of the three multi-bin signal regions the most important uncertainty is the clo-
sure systematic uncertainty associated with the multijet template estimate (3–6%), chieﬂy
because of the dominance of this background component. In the single-bin signal regions
the background normalisations are less constrained by the ﬁt, and the statistical uncer-
tainties associated with the multijet and tt¯ control regions tend to dominate (4–27% for
multijets, 6–14% for tt¯).
    The theoretical uncertainty in the tt¯ background predictions is also found to be sig-
niﬁcant, with that from ﬁnal-state radiation contributing up to 17% in the single-bin ﬁts.
The impact on the total yield in multi-bin signal regions is ≤5%. The Z+jets component
has a theoretical uncertainty of up to 14% in the single-bin regions while it is at most 6%
in the multi-bin signal regions.
    Most experimental systematic uncertainties aﬀecting the reconstructed objects have
insigniﬁcant impacts, being substantially reduced due to correlations between the MC-
based predictions and the data-driven multijet template. The largest observed eﬀects are


                                     – 20 –
                                                         6
                                                      10       ATLAS                                   Data
                                                                                                       Total background
                                                                                        -1
                                                                                                       Multijets


                                                  Events         s= 13 TeV, 139 fb
                                                         5                                             tt → ll, ql
                                                      10                                               W →  lν + jets
                                                               VRNjet-8ij50, post-fit                  Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                                                                       Single top
                                                         4
                                                      10                                               tt+X
                                                                                                       VV → qqll, qqlν

                                                         3
                                                      10                                                                                                                                           JHEP10(2020)062

                                                      102

                                                       10

                                                         1
                                                       1.5
                                                      1.25
                                                          1
                                                      0.75
                                                       0.5

                                                  Data  / Pred. 0eb, MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ0eb, 3401eb, < MJ 3402ib, < MJ3400eb, < MJ MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ
                                                                      Σ < 340Σ < 340Σ < 340                     Σ > 500Σ > 500Σ > 500
                                                                                                 Σ < 500Σ < 500Σ < 500

                                                                                 (a)    VRNjet


                                                               ATLAS                                   Data
                                                                                                       Total background
                                                                                        -1
                                                         5                                             Multijets
                                                  Events 10      s= 13 TeV, 139 fb
                                                                                                       tt → ll, ql
                                                                                                       W →  lν + jets
                                                               VRS(ETmiss)-8ij50, post-fit             Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                         4
                                                      10                                               Single top
                                                                                                       tt+X
                                                                                                       VV → qqll, qqlν
                                                      103

                                                      102

                                                       10

                                                         1
                                                       1.5
                                                      1.25
                                                          1
                                                      0.75
                                                       0.5

                                                  Data  / Pred. 0eb, MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ0eb, 3401eb, < MJ 3402ib, < MJ3400eb, < MJ MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ
                                                                      Σ < 340Σ < 340Σ < 340                     Σ > 500Σ > 500Σ > 500
                                                                                                 Σ < 500Σ < 500Σ < 500

                                                                              (b)    VR       miss
                                                                                        S(ET        )

Figure 6. Post-ﬁt event yields in validation regions for the                                                       SR-8ij50            multi-bin analysis. The
upper panel shows the absolute yields for data (black points) and all background subcomponents
(histograms), with the combination of statistical and systematic uncertainties shown by the hatched
areas. The lower panel shows the ratio of the data yields to the total SM                                                            prediction.


                                                                                   – 21 –
                               ATLAS               Total background
                                                   Data
                            7               -1
                           10   s= 13 TeV, 139 fb  Multijets
                         Events
                                                   tt → ll, ql
                                                   W → lν + jets
                            6  VRNjet, post-fit    Z → ll, νν + jets
                           10                      Single top
                                                   tt+X
                                                   VV → qq ll, lν
                           105
                                                                                                 JHEP10(2020)062
                           104

                           103

                           102

                           1.5
                           1.25
                             1
                           0.75
                           0.5

                         Data  / Pred. 8ij50-0ib-MJ5009ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ50010ij50-1ib-MJ50011ij50-0ib-MJ012ij50-2ib-MJ09ij80-0ib-MJ0


                                        (a) VRNjet

                           105
                               ATLAS               Total background
                                            -1     Data
                                s= 13 TeV, 139 fb  Multijets
                         Events
                           104                     tt → ll, ql
                                                   W → lν + jets
                               VRS(ETmiss), post-fit Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                   Single top
                            3                      tt+X
                           10                      VV → qq ll, lν

                           102

                           10

                            1

                           1.5
                           1.25
                             1
                           0.75
                           0.5

                         Data  / Pred. 8ij50-0ib-MJ5009ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ50010ij50-1ib-MJ50011ij50-0ib-MJ012ij50-2ib-MJ09ij80-0ib-MJ0


                                       (b) VR  miss
                                            S(ET  )

Figure 7.  Post-ﬁt event yields in validation regions summarised for all single-bin signal regions.
The upper panel shows the absolute yields for data (black points) and all background subcomponents
(histograms), with the combination of statistical and systematic uncertainties shown by the hatched
areas. The lower panel shows the ratio of the data yields to the total SM prediction.


                                         – 22 –
  Signal region        Total syst.            Dominant systematic uncertainties
                                   miss             miss
  SR-8ij50-0ib-MJ500     16%     ET   soft, L 7%   ET   soft, T 7%   Z+jets PS      5%
                                   miss             miss
  SR-9ij50-0ib-MJ340     16%     ET   soft, T 9%   ET   soft, L 9%   Z+jets PS      4%
                                  ¯                                   miss
  SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ340    20%     tt FSR       9%   MC stat.     9%   ET   soft, L   8%
                                  ¯                                   miss
  SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ500    27%     tt FSR      17%   MC stat.    12%   ET   soft, L   9%
                                                    miss              miss
  SR-10ij50-1ib-MJ500    24%     MC stat.    14%   ET   soft, L 10%  ET   soft, T  10%
  SR-11ij50              27%     MC stat.    18%   tt¯ FSR     14%   tt¯ norm       6%

  SR-12ij50-2ib          70%     MC stat.    62%   MJ norm     25%   MJ HT binning 13%
  SR-9ij80               21%     MC stat.    14%   Z+jets PS   14%   Z+jets match   7%
  SR-8ij50 multi-bin      6%     MJ closure   3%   JES ﬂavour   3%   JES ﬂavour     2%
                                                                                                 JHEP10(2020)062
                                                                      miss
  SR-9ij50 multi-bin      7%     MJ closure   4%   Z+jets PS    3%   ET   soft, L   3%
  SR-10ij50 multi-bin    14%     Z+jets PS    6%   MJ closure   6%   tt¯ FSR        5%

Table 8. The total systematic uncertainties are shown for each of the single-bin signal regions, and
also for the multi-bin signal regions, together with the three dominant contributions for each. The
individual uncertainties can be (anti-)correlated, and do not necessarily sum in quadrature to the
total background uncertainty. For the multi-bin signal regions the uncertainties are those found
                                                       Σ
after summing the expected yields over the corresponding MJ and b-jet multiplicity bins of table2 .
Within the table ‘MC stat.’ indicates the statistical uncertainty of the simulated event yield in the
SR, ‘MJ’ indicates the uncertainty in the multijet background, ‘closure’ indicates the uncertainty
from the multijet template method closure, ‘norm’ is the result of statistical uncertainties from
the CRs, ‘JES ﬂavour’ indicates the eﬀect of uncertainties in the jet energy scale due to diﬀerences
                                        miss
between quark- and gluon-initiated jets, ‘ET soft, L/T’ indicate two sources, longitudinal and
transverse, of uncertainty in the soft component of the missing transverse momentum, ‘MJ HT bin-
ning’ relates to the parameters of the binning of the multijet template in HT, ‘FSR’ indicates
ﬁnal-state radiation, ‘match’ indicates the matrix element/parton shower matching scale, and ‘PS’
is the uncertainty from varying the scale at which the strong coupling constant is calculated for
parton shower emissions in the MC simulation.

due to the uncertainties in the jet energy scale, which can have an eﬀect of up to 3% due
to the large jet activity in the events selected by this analysis, and in the soft term of the
missing transverse momentum    (≤10%). In the least populated SRs, there can be a large
statistical uncertainty in the predictions from simulation.

7   Results and interpretation

Data yields are shown graphically for all signal regions in ﬁgure8 . The background pre-
dicted to have the largest yield in all signal regions comes from multijet production. The
relative contribution of the remaining backgrounds depends on the signal region. The    tt¯
process generally provides the second-largest contribution, and tends to form a larger frac-
tion of the total background for higher jet-multiplicity requirements. As the requirement
on the number of   b-tagged jets increases, it can be seen that the relative contributions
of W +jets, Z+jets and multi-boson backgrounds decrease compared to those from     tt¯ and
single-top-quark production processes.
    A breakdown of the yields in the single-bin regions is given in table9 . For illustra-
                  miss
tion, the full S(ET  ) distributions for several signal regions are shown in ﬁgure9 . The


                                         – 23 –
data yields are found to be consistent with the background predictions within the assessed
statistical and systematic uncertainties, with no signiﬁcant excesses over the SM expec-
tation. Mild deviations from the SM expectation are observed, with a tendency for the
background to be overestimated in the higher jet-multiplicity regions, which is consistent
with the trends observed in the corresponding validation regions. For interpretation, the
likelihood ﬁts for background estimation (section 6.3) are extended to include the signal
region, and thereby perform two forms of hypothesis test using a proﬁle-likelihood-ratio
test statistic [90], quantifying the signiﬁcance of any observed excesses or the lack thereof.
    Firstly, the discovery test discriminates between the null hypothesis stating that the SR
measurement is consistent with only SM contributions and an alternative hypothesis pos- JHEP10(2020)062
tulating a positive signal. Secondly, assuming a speciﬁc signal model, one may also form an
exclusion test of the signal-plus-background hypothesis, where an observation signiﬁcantly
smaller than the combination of SM and SUSY processes would lead to rejection of the

signal model. This provides the exclusion p-value p1, the probability of observing at most
the observed event yield when assuming that the signal is present with its nominal cross-

section. A complementary p-value for the background observation CLb is deﬁned as the
probability of observing at most the observed yield under the background-only hypothesis.

Points in the SUSY parameter space are considered excluded if the CLs parameter [91],
computed as p1/(1 − CLb) is smaller than 0.05. This protects against spurious exclusion of
signals due to observing SR event counts signiﬁcantly smaller than those predicted. While
not strictly deﬁning a frequentist conﬁdence level, these are referred to as 95% conﬁdence
level (CL) limits.
    The impact of the particle-ﬂow reconstruction was assessed in the single-bin signal
regions by applying the same event selection but instead using calorimeter-based hadronic
                                                 miss
reconstruction. As a result of the improved jet and ET resolution, the multijet back-
ground is found to be reduced by 30–50%, corresponding to two standard deviations when
considering statistical uncertainties as well as the systematic uncertainties of the jet en-
ergy scale and multijet estimate closure, resulting in an overall 20% lower total background
yield in most regions. Consequently, the expected sensitivity to new physics signals is im-
proved by up to 30% (one standard deviation), quantiﬁed in terms of the upper limit on
BSM  events.
    The single-bin signal region event yields are used to derive model-independent con-
straints on the production of BSM particles. Table 10 shows the observed 95% CL limits
                            95
on the visible cross-section hσiobs as well as the observed (expected) limits on the number
                     95   95
of BSM  signal events Sobs (Sexp) in each signal region. The discovery p-value p(s = 0),
deﬁned as the probability of observing at least the observed event yield when assuming
that no signal is present, is calculated, as is the corresponding Gaussian signiﬁcance Z.
For signal regions in which the predictions exceed the data, the value of p(s = 0) is capped

at 0.5. The smallest background p-value CLb computed in any region is 0.16, while the
smallest discovery p-value is 0.41, and hence all observations are compatible with the SM-
only hypothesis. The most stringent limits observed are for the SR-12ij50-2ib selection,
for which visible cross-sections greater than 40 ab are excluded.
    Constraints on sparticle production in several benchmark parameter planes are shown
in ﬁgure 10. These limits extend beyond those achieved by the previous search [16]. All


                                     – 24 –
                                                          Data                                                                                    Data
              5     ATLAS                                                                                   ATLAS
           10                                             Total background                            4                                           Total background
                                            -1            Multijets                                10                               -1            Multijets


        Events        s= 13 TeV, 139 fb                                                         Events        s= 13 TeV, 139 fb
                                                          tt → ll, ql                                                                             tt → ll, ql
                                                          W →  lν + jets                                                                          W →  lν + jets
           104      SR-8ij50, post-fit                    Z → ll, νν + jets                                 SR-9ij50, post-fit                    Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                          Single top                                  3                                           Single top
                                                          tt+X                                     10                                             tt+X
                                                          VV →  qqll, qqlν                                                                        VV →  qqll, qqlν
                                                          ~g → qqWZχ∼0                                                                            ~g → qqWZχ∼0
                                                              ~     1                                                                                 ~     1
              3                                           ~g → t t → tbs (RPV)                                                                    ~g → t t → tbs (RPV)
           10                                                  1                                                                                       1
                                                                                                   102

              2

           10                                                                                                                                                                                      JHEP10(2020)062
                                                                                                    10
            10

                                                                                                      1
             1.5                                                                                     1.5
           1.25                                                                                    1.25
               1                                                                                       1
           0.75                                                                                    0.75
             0.5                                                                                     0.5

        Data  / Pred. 0eb, MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ0eb, 3401eb, < MJ 3402ib, < MJ3400eb, < MJ MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ Data  / Pred. 0eb, MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ0eb, 3401eb, < MJ 3402ib, < MJ3400eb, < MJ MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ
                           Σ < 340Σ < 340Σ < 340                   Σ > 500Σ > 500Σ > 500                          Σ < 340Σ < 340Σ < 340                    Σ > 500Σ > 500Σ > 500
                                                     Σ < 500Σ < 500Σ < 500                                                                   Σ < 500Σ < 500Σ < 500

                          (a) SR-8ij50, multi-bin                                                                 (b) SR-9ij50, multi-bin


                                                          Data                                              ATLAS                                 Total background
                    ATLAS                                                                                                                         Data
                                                          Total background                                                          -1
                                            -1            Multijets                                           s= 13 TeV, 139 fb                   Multijets
                                                                                                Events


        Events        s= 13 TeV, 139 fb
              3                                           tt → ll, ql                              104                                            tt → ll, ql
           10                                             W →  lν + jets                                                                          W →  lν + jets
                    SR-10ij50, post-fit                   Z → ll, νν + jets                                 SR, post-fit                          Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                          Single top                                                                              Single top
                                                          tt+X                                        3                                           tt+X
                                                                                                   10                                             VV → qq ll, lν
                                                          VV →  qqll, qqlν                                                                        ~        ∼0
                                                          ~        ∼0                                                                             g → qqWZχ
              2                                           g → qqWZχ                                                                                   ~     1
                                                              ~     1                                                                             ~
           10                                             ~                                                                                       g → t1t → tbs (RPV)
                                                          g → t1t → tbs (RPV)
                                                                                                   102

            10
                                                                                                    10

                                                                                                      1
              1
             1.5                                                                                     1.5
           1.25                                                                                    1.25
               1                                                                                       1
           0.75                                                                                    0.75
             0.5                                                                                     0.5
                                                                                                Data  / Pred.
        Data  / Pred. 0eb, MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ0eb, 3401eb, < MJ 3402ib, < MJ3400eb, < MJ MJ1eb, MJ2ib, MJ      8ij50-0ib-MJ5009ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ34010ij50-0ib-MJ50010ij50-1ib-MJ50011ij50-0ib-MJ012ij50-2ib-MJ09ij80-0ib-MJ0
                           Σ < 340Σ < 340Σ < 340                   Σ > 500Σ > 500Σ > 500
                                                     Σ < 500Σ < 500Σ < 500

                         (c) SR-10ij50, multi-bin                                                                (d) Single-bin summary

Figure 8. Event yields in all signal regions, comparing data with the post-ﬁt background predic-
tions. The upper panel shows the absolute yields for data (black points) and all background sub-
components (histograms), with the combination of statistical and systematic uncertainties shown by
the hatched areas. The yields for two benchmark signal models are overlaid, representing 1.6 TeV
gluinos decaying into                   W     and     Z    bosons and a 100 GeV neutralino via intermediate gauginos (long
dashed histogram) or instead into                              tbs/tbd       via a 600 GeV top squark through an                                  R-parity-violating
(RPV) coupling (short dashed histogram). The lower panel shows the ratio of the data yields to the
total SM          prediction.


                                                                                   – 25 –
      106
                             Data 2015-2018        3                     Data 2015-2018
           ATLAS             Total background     10   ATLAS             Total background
       5
      10    s = 13 TeV, 139 fb-1 Multijets              s = 13 TeV, 139 fb-1 Multijets
                             tt → ll, ql                                 tt → ll, ql
           SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ340                         SR-12ij50-2ib
                             W → lν + jets                               W → lν + jets
      104                    Z → ll, νν + jets    102                    Z → ll, νν + jets
                             Single top                                  Single top
                             tt + X                                      tt + X
      103                    VV → qq ll, qq lν                           VV → qq ll, qq lν
                             ~ ~                                         ~ ~
                             g → t t → tbs (RPV)                         g → t t → tbs (RPV)
                             ~ 1  0                10                    ~ 1  0
                             g → qqWZχ∼                                  g → qqWZχ∼
      102                         1                                           1

       10                                          1

       1
    Number  of Events / Bin Width               Number  of Events / Bin Width
                                                  10−1                                           JHEP10(2020)062
      10−1

      10−2                                        10−2
       2                                           2
                                       miss                                        miss
      1.5                           S(E T )       1.5                           S(E T )
        1                                           1
      0.5                                         0.5
    Data/Pred.                                  Data/Pred.
       0                                           0
        0  1   2  3  4  5   6  7  8   9  10         0  1   2  3  4  5   6  7  8   9  10
                                       miss                                        miss
                                    S(ET )                                      S(ET )

            (a) SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ340                        (b) SR-12ij50-2ib


                            106
                                                   Data 2015-2018
                                 ATLAS             Total background
                             5
                            10    s = 13 TeV, 139 fb-1 Multijets
                                                   tt → ll, ql
                                 SR-9ij80-0ib
                                                   W → lν + jets
                            104                    Z → ll, νν + jets
                                                   Single top
                                                   tt + X
                            103                    VV → qq ll, qq lν
                                                   ~ ~
                                                   g → t t → tbs (RPV)
                                                   ~ 1  0
                                                   g → qqWZχ∼
                            102                         1

                             10

                             1
                          Number  of Events / Bin Width

                            10−1

                            10−2
                             2
                                                             miss
                            1.5                           S(E T )
                              1
                            0.5
                          Data/Pred.
                             0
                              0  1   2  3  4  5   6  7  8   9  10
                                                             miss
                                                          S(ET )

                                       (c) SR-9ij80

                             miss                               ¯
Figure 9. Distribution of S(ET  ) in selected signal regions. The tt and W +jets backgrounds
are normalised according to the background ﬁts, and the multijet background prediction adjusted
accordingly. The upper panel shows the absolute yields for data (black points) and all background
subcomponents (histograms), with the combination of statistical and systematic uncertainties shown
by the hatched areas. The yields for two benchmark signal models are overlaid, representing 1.6 TeV
gluinos decaying into W and Z bosons and a 100 GeV neutralino via intermediate gauginos (long
dashed histogram) or instead into tbs/tbd via a 600 GeV top squark through an R-parity-violating
(RPV) coupling (short dashed histogram). The lower panel shows the ratio of the data yields to the
total SM prediction.


                                         – 26 –
              Background process  SR-8ij50-0ib-MJ500   SR-9ij50-0ib-MJ340
              Multijets                 372  46             296  39
              Top quark pairs           208  89             201  65
              W +jets                    41  20              29  12
              Z+jets                     75  46              53  33
              Single top quarks        23.9  10.5           14.1  5.3
              tt¯+ X                   16.1  8.3            16.4  8.4
              Diboson, triboson        12.7  1.7             5.6  1.3
              Total background          750  120            614  97

              Observed events             747                   588                              JHEP10(2020)062

  Background process  SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ340   SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ500    SR-10ij50-1ib-MJ500
  Multijets                  62  11             32.8  6.1             26.9  6.8
  Top quark pairs            47  17               26  15              23.5  9.8
                                                      +1.0                  +0.4
  W +jets                   4.9  2.7              0.6−0.6               0.3−0.3
                                                                            +1.6
  Z+jets                     14  13                4  4                1.5−1.5
                                                      +1.7                  +1.1
  Single top quarks         2.4  1.7              0.9−0.9               0.8−0.8
  tt¯+ X                    5.0  2.6             2.7  1.5              2.7  1.5
  Diboson, triboson        1.13  0.24           0.65  0.19            0.26  0.06
  Total background         136  28                68  18                56  13
  Observed events             116                    58                     42

               Background process  SR-11ij50   SR-12ij50-2ib    SR-9ij80
               Multijets           12.0  3.8    1.03  0.99    20.0  5.1
               Top quark pairs      9.7  4.5    0.66  0.53    15.3  4.0
                                                     +0.08
               W +jets             0.75  0.75   0.04−0.04       2.2  1.2
                                                                    +5.4
               Z+jets               2.4  1.4    0.50  0.31      5.3−5.3
                                       +1.6                         +0.71
               Single top quarks    0.4−0.4      0.00  0.00    0.50−0.50
               tt¯+ X               1.4  0.8    0.20  0.19     1.9  1.0
               Diboson, triboson   0.31  0.06   0.00  0.00    0.32  0.06
               Total background    27.0  7.3     2.4  1.7     45.6  9.5
               Observed events         23            2             48

Table 9. Detailed event yields in all single-bin signal regions. Due to correlations, summing the
uncertainties of individual background components may not reproduce the ﬁnal uncertainty of the
total background prediction.

exclusion ﬁts are consistent with the background-only hypothesis, considering the total
uncertainties.
    For all three signal scenarios, the multi-bin limits provide the strongest expected con-
straints. There are two exceptions: the  SR-9ij80-0ib   selection reaches parity with the
multi-bin limits for small neutralino masses in the two-step gluino decay model, while at
low gluino masses in the RPV decay the    SR-8ij50-0ib-MJ500    single-bin region achieves
better sensitivity for small mass-splittings, but only for signal models already excluded


                                         – 27 –
                                95        95      95
        Signal channel      hσiobs [fb] Sobs    Sexp   CLb  p(s = 0) (Z)
                                                  +33
        SR-8ij50-0ib-MJ500     1.16     163     162−39  0.50  0.50 (0.00)
                                                  +30
        SR-9ij50-0ib-MJ340     0.95     133     140−31  0.50  0.50 (0.00)
                                                  +15
        SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ340    0.22      31      40−11  0.21  0.50 (0.00)
                                                  +9.6
        SR-10ij50-0ib-MJ500    0.16      21.9  25.9−6.8 0.29  0.50 (0.00)
                                                  +8.5
        SR-10ij50-1ib-MJ500    0.12      16.8  22.8−6.1 0.16  0.50 (0.00)
                                                  +6.0
        SR-11ij50              0.09      13.0  15.1−4.2 0.32  0.50 (0.00)
                                                   +2.5
        SR-12ij50-2ib          0.04       5.0   5.2−1.7 0.44  0.50 (0.00)
                                                  +7.0
        SR-9ij80               0.18      25.2  24.5−6.3 0.57  0.41 (0.22)             JHEP10(2020)062

                                                                   95
Table 10. Left to right: 95% CL upper limits on the visible cross-section (hσiobs) and on the
                      95                    95
number of signal events (Sobs ). The third column (Sexp) shows the 95% CL upper limit on the
number of signal events, given the expected number of background events (and the 1σ excursions

around the expectation). The last two columns indicate the CLb value, i.e. the conﬁdence level
observed for the background-only hypothesis, and the discovery p-value (p(s = 0)), together with
the corresponding Gaussian signiﬁcance (Z).

by previous searches. More signiﬁcantly, the multi-bin approach enhances the sensitivity
to RPV decays of the gluino, as well as to gluino-mediated stop production in the region
where the LSP is moderately massive. The 8-jet multi-bin region is most sensitive where
the gluino-neutralino mass-splitting is smaller, while the 9- and 10-jet selections take over
as the mass-splitting increases, which allows better signal-background discrimination with
a harsher selection.

    The strongest bounds on the gluino mass are placed at mg˜ = 2 TeV for gluinos decaying
via a two-step cascade to W and Z bosons when assuming nearly massless neutralinos. For
                   ¯           miss
gluino decays into a tt pair and ET via RPC couplings, the region with mg˜ < 1.8 TeV
and m  0 < 700 GeV is excluded, with the highest excluded neutralino mass being m 0 '
      χ˜1                                                                  χ˜1
950 GeV. This represents an improvement of 260 GeV in mg˜ and 230 GeV in m 0 with
                                                                         χ˜1
respect to the previous search results. In the case of stop-mediated gluino decays via RPV

couplings, the reach in mg˜ is above 1.5 TeV for t˜1 masses of 400 GeV to 1.1 TeV, with the
maximal reach being achieved almost 1.6 TeV for m = 900 GeV.
                                              t˜1

8   Conclusion

                                                        miss
A search for new physics, producing many jets and moderate ET , is presented, using the
139 fb−1 dataset of 13 TeV pp collisions collected by ATLAS during Run 2 of the LHC. The
analysis selects events in regions with large jet multiplicities (from ≥8 to ≥12 jets) with
further requirements on the number of b-tagged jets, and on the sum of the masses of large-
radius jets. This search is the ﬁrst from ATLAS to exploit particle-ﬂow reconstruction for
         miss
jets and ET . The combination of this improvement together with a better object-based
    miss
S(ET   ) deﬁnition and a multi-bin statistical analysis leads to signiﬁcant improvements in
the search sensitivity beyond that aﬀorded simply by the larger dataset.
    No signiﬁcant deviations from the Standard Model expectations are observed, while
limits on the production of new particles are signiﬁcantly extended. In the context of R-


                                     – 28 –
                0      0  0    0                     0


      ~~    ~       ~                        ~~    ~   ~ ~
      gg production, g→qqWZχ∼ ; m(χ∼ )=[m(g)+m(χ∼ )]/2, m(χ∼ )=[m(χ )+m(χ∼ ))]/2 gg production, g→ttχ∼ , m(q)>>m( )g
    1800        1 1    1  2 1  1           2000      1
                          ~
                         m(g)=m(χ0)
        ATLAS                1                 ATLAS


  )  [GeV]                                )  [GeV] 1800

  0 1 1600      -1                       0 1           -1
  ∼                                      ∼
  χ     s=13 TeV, 139 fb . Limits at 95% CL χ   s=13 TeV, 139 fb . Limits at 95% CL



  m(                                      m( 1600
                                                        ±
    1400  Expected Limit (± 1 σexp)               Expected Limit ( 1 σexp)


                   SUSY                                   SUSY
                                                        ±
          Observed Limit (± 1 σtheory)     1400   Observed Limit ( 1 σtheory)
    1200         -1                                     -1
          ATLAS, 36.1 fb                          ATLAS, 36.1 fb 0
                                                            ∼χ ) + 2m(t)
                                           1200          ~  1
                                                         g) = m(
    1000                                                m(
                                           1000
     800
                                            800
     600
                                            600

     400                                    400

     200                                    200                                       JHEP10(2020)062
     1000 1200 1400 1600 1800 2000 2200     1100 1200 1300 1400 1500 1600 1700 1800 1900
                               m(~g) [GeV]                            m(~g) [GeV]
                                                               0
            (a)g ˜, 2-step cascade                    (b)g ˜ → tt¯χ˜1


                          ~~   ~ ~ ~
                          gg production, g→t1t, t1→bd,bs
                        1600
                           ATLAS
                      )  [GeV]
                      t
                      ~     s=13 TeV, 139 fb-1. Limits at 95% CL

                      m( 1400


                              Expected Limit (± 1 σexp)
                                      SUSY

                              Observed Limit (± 1 σ )
                        1200          theory
                              ATLAS, 36.1 fb-1

                        1000


                               ~ ) + m(t)
                                t 1
                        800  ~
                              g) = m(
                             m(

                        600


                        400
                         800 900 1000 1100 1200 1300 1400 1500 1600 1700
                                                   m(~g) [GeV]
                                (c) RPVg ˜ → tbd, tbs

Figure 10. Exclusion limits on gluino production in various parameter planes. The solid maroon
line indicates the observed exclusion limit at 95% CL. Transitions between two signal regions which
provide the best expected sensitivity in diﬀerent regions of the parameter space may lead to discon-
tinuities in the observed limit. The 1σ variations in the observed limit due to the uncertainty on
the signal production cross-sections are shown with dotted maroon lines. A dashed black line and
yellow band respectively indicate the expected limit and its 1σ variations due to all uncertainties in
the signal acceptance and background yields. Grey shading is used to indicate the observed limit
from the previous publication [16].


parity conserving supersymmetry, limits on the gluino mass reach 2 TeV in the case of a
two-step cascade via vector bosons, which are the most stringent limits observed to date
                         0                                                    0
when assuming a low-mass χ˜1. For gluino-pair production followed by the decayg ˜ → tt¯χ˜1
                                            0
gluino masses up to 1.8 TeV are excluded for χ˜1 masses up to 700 GeV. In the case
of gluino-pair production followed by the R-parity-violating decays,g ˜ → tbd, tbs, limits
extend up to almost 1.6 TeV for a t˜ mass of 900 GeV. Model-independent upper limits
on the visible cross-section are set as low as 40 ab, in signal regions that probe extremely
large jet multiplicities, with the most stringent selections requiring ≥12 jets of which two
are b-tagged.


                                     – 29 –
Acknowledgments

We thank CERN for the very successful operation of the LHC, as well as the support staﬀ
from our institutions without whom ATLAS could not be operated eﬃciently.
    We acknowledge the support of ANPCyT, Argentina; YerPhI, Armenia; ARC, Aus-
tralia; BMWFW   and FWF, Austria; ANAS, Azerbaijan; SSTC, Belarus; CNPq and
FAPESP, Brazil; NSERC, NRC and CFI, Canada; CERN; CONICYT, Chile; CAS, MOST
and NSFC, China; COLCIENCIAS, Colombia; MSMT CR, MPO CR and VSC CR, Czech
Republic; DNRF and DNSRC, Denmark; IN2P3-CNRS and CEA-DRF/IRFU, France;

SRNSFG, Georgia; BMBF, HGF and MPG, Germany; GSRT, Greece; RGC and Hong               JHEP10(2020)062
Kong SAR, China; ISF and Benoziyo Center, Israel; INFN, Italy; MEXT and JSPS, Japan;
CNRST, Morocco; NWO, Netherlands; RCN, Norway; MNiSW     and NCN, Poland; FCT,
Portugal; MNE/IFA, Romania; MES of Russia and NRC KI, Russia Federation; JINR;
MESTD, Serbia; MSSR, Slovakia; ARRS and MIZS,ˇ  Slovenia; DST/NRF, South Africa;
MICINN, Spain; SRC and Wallenberg Foundation, Sweden; SERI, SNSF and Cantons of
Bern and Geneva, Switzerland; MOST, Taiwan; TAEK, Turkey; STFC, United Kingdom;
DOE and NSF, United States of America. In addition, individual groups and members have
received support from BCKDF, CANARIE, Compute Canada and CRC, Canada; ERC,
ERDF, Horizon 2020, Marie Sklodowska-Curie Actions and COST, European Union; In-
vestissements d’Avenir Labex, Investissements d’Avenir Idex and ANR, France; DFG and
AvH Foundation, Germany; Herakleitos, Thales and Aristeia programmes co-ﬁnanced by
EU-ESF and the Greek NSRF, Greece; BSF-NSF and GIF, Israel; La Caixa Banking Foun-
dation, CERCA Programme Generalitat de Catalunya and PROMETEO and GenT Pro-
grammes Generalitat Valenciana, Spain; G¨oranGustafssons Stiftelse, Sweden; The Royal
Society and Leverhulme Trust, United Kingdom.
    The crucial computing support from all WLCG partners is acknowledged gratefully,
in particular from CERN, the ATLAS Tier-1 facilities at TRIUMF (Canada), NDGF
(Denmark, Norway, Sweden), CC-IN2P3 (France), KIT/GridKA (Germany), INFN-CNAF
(Italy), NL-T1 (Netherlands), PIC (Spain), ASGC (Taiwan), RAL (U.K.) and BNL
(U.S.A.), the Tier-2 facilities worldwide and large non-WLCG resource providers. Ma-
jor contributors of computing resources are listed in ref. [92].

Open Access.    This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons
Attribution License (CC-BY 4.0), which permits any use, distribution and reproduction in
any medium, provided the original author(s) and source are credited.

References

 [1] L. Evans and P. Bryant, eds., LHC machine, 2008 JINST 3 S08001[ INSPIRE].
 [2] Y. Golfand and E.P. Likhtman, Extension of the Algebra of Poincar´eGroup Generators and
    Violation of p Invariance, JETP Lett. 13 (1971) 323 [Pisma Zh. Eksp. Teor. Fiz. 13 (1971)
    452] [INSPIRE].
 [3] D.V. Volkov and V.P. Akulov, Is the Neutrino a Goldstone Particle?, Phys. Lett. B 46
    (1973) 109[ INSPIRE].


                                     – 30 –
 [4] J. Wess and B. Zumino, Supergauge transformations in four-dimensions, Nucl. Phys. B 70
     (1974) 39[ INSPIRE].
 [5] J. Wess and B. Zumino, Supergauge invariant extension of quantum electrodynamics, Nucl.
     Phys. B 78 (1974) 1[ INSPIRE].
 [6] S. Ferrara and B. Zumino, Supergauge invariant Yang-Mills theories, Nucl. Phys. B 79
     (1974) 413.
 [7] A. Salam and J.A. Strathdee, Supersymmetry and non-Abelian gauges, Phys. Lett. B 51
     (1974) 353[ INSPIRE].


 [8] G.R. Farrar and P. Fayet, Phenomenology of the production, decay, and detection of new      JHEP10(2020)062
     hadronic states associated with supersymmetry, Phys. Lett. B 76 (1978) 575[ INSPIRE].
 [9] H.D. Dreiner, An introduction to explicit R-parity violation, hep-ph/9707435.
[10] ATLAS   collaboration, The ATLAS experiment at the CERN Large Hadron Collider, 2008
     JINST  3 S08003[ INSPIRE].
[11] T. Cohen, E. Izaguirre, M. Lisanti and H.K. Lou, Jet substructure by accident, JHEP 03
     (2013) 161[ arXiv:1212.1456][INSPIRE].
[12] ATLAS   collaboration, Search for new phenomena in ﬁnal states with large jet multiplicities
                                          √
     and missing transverse momentum using  s = 7 TeV pp collisions with the ATLAS detector,
     JHEP  11 (2011) 099[ arXiv:1110.2299][INSPIRE].
[13] ATLAS   collaboration, Hunt for new phenomena using large jet multiplicities and missing
                                                  √
     transverse momentum with ATLAS in  4.7 fb−1 of s = 7 TeV proton-proton collisions,
     JHEP  07 (2012) 167[ arXiv:1206.1760][INSPIRE].
[14] ATLAS   collaboration, Search for new phenomena in ﬁnal states with large jet multiplicities
                                       √
     and missing transverse momentum at  s = 8 TeV proton-proton collisions using the ATLAS
     experiment, JHEP 10 (2013) 130[ Erratum ibid. 01 (2014) 109] [arXiv:1308.1841]
     [INSPIRE].
[15] ATLAS   collaboration, Search for new phenomena in ﬁnal states with large jet multiplicities
                                                      √
     and missing transverse momentum with ATLAS using   s = 13 TeV proton-proton collisions,
     Phys. Lett. B 757 (2016) 334[ arXiv:1602.06194][INSPIRE].
[16] ATLAS   collaboration, Search for new phenomena with large jet multiplicities and missing
     transverse momentum using large-radius jets and ﬂavour-tagging at ATLAS in 13 TeV pp
     collisions, JHEP 12 (2017) 034[ arXiv:1708.02794][INSPIRE].
[17] ATLAS   collaboration, Jet reconstruction and performance using particle ﬂow with the
     ATLAS Detector, Eur. Phys. J. C 77 (2017) 466[ arXiv:1703.10485][INSPIRE].
[18] ATLAS   collaboration, Object-based missing transverse momentum signiﬁcance in the
     ATLAS detector, ATLAS-CONF-2018-038 (2018).
[19] ATLAS collaboration, ATLAS insertable B-layer technical design report,
     CERN-LHCC-2010-013 (2010).
[20] ATLAS IBL   collaboration, Production and integration of the ATLAS insertable B-layer,
     2018 JINST 13  T05008[ arXiv:1803.00844][INSPIRE].
[21] ATLAS   collaboration, Performance of the ATLAS Trigger System in 2015, Eur. Phys. J. C
     77 (2017) 317[ arXiv:1611.09661][INSPIRE].


                                         – 31 –
                                                                   √
[22] ATLAS   collaboration, Luminosity determination in pp collisions at s = 13 TeV using the
     ATLAS detector at the LHC, ATLAS-CONF-2019-021 (2019).
[23] G. Avoni et al., The new LUCID-2 detector for luminosity measurement and monitoring in
     ATLAS, 2018  JINST  13 P07017[ INSPIRE].
[24] ATLAS   collaboration, Trigger menu in 2017, ATL-DAQ-PUB-2018-002 (2018).
[25] ATLAS   collaboration, ATLAS data quality operations and performance for 2015–2018
     data-taking, 2020 JINST 15 P04003[ arXiv:1911.04632][INSPIRE].
[26] ATLAS   collaboration, Characterisation and mitigation of beam-induced backgrounds
     observed in the ATLAS detector during the 2011 proton-proton run, 2013 JINST 8 P07004
                                                                                                 JHEP10(2020)062
     [arXiv:1303.0223][INSPIRE].
[27] ATLAS collaboration, Selection of jets produced in 13 TeV proton-proton collisions with the
     ATLAS detector, ATLAS-CONF-2015-029 (2015).
[28] T. Sj¨ostrand,S. Mrenna and P.Z. Skands, A brief introduction to PYTHIA 8.1, Comput.
     Phys. Commun.  178 (2008) 852[ arXiv:0710.3820][INSPIRE].
[29] ATLAS   collaboration, The PYTHIA 8 A3 tune description of ATLAS minimum bias and
     inelastic measurements incorporating the Donnachie-Landshoﬀ diﬀractive model, Tech. Rep.
     ATL-PHYS-PUB-2016-017, CERN, Geneva (Aug, 2016).
[30] R.D. Ball et al., Parton distributions with LHC data, Nucl. Phys. B 867 (2013) 244
     [arXiv:1207.1303][INSPIRE].
[31] ATLAS   collaboration, The ATLAS simulation infrastructure, Eur. Phys. J. C 70 (2010) 823
     [arXiv:1005.4568][INSPIRE].
[32] GEANT4    collaboration, GEANT4 —  a simulation toolkit, Nucl. Instrum. Meth. A 506
     (2003) 250[ INSPIRE].
[33] ATLAS collaboration, Performance of the Fast ATLAS Tracking Simulation (FATRAS) and
     the ATLAS Fast Calorimeter Simulation (FastCaloSim) with single particles,
     ATL-SOFT-PUB-2014-001 (2014).
[34] P. Nason, A new method for combining NLO QCD with shower Monte Carlo algorithms,
     JHEP  11 (2004) 040[ hep-ph/0409146][INSPIRE].
[35] S. Frixione, P. Nason and C. Oleari, Matching NLO QCD computations with Parton Shower
     simulations: the POWHEG method,  JHEP  11 (2007) 070[ arXiv:0709.2092][INSPIRE].
[36] S. Alioli, P. Nason, C. Oleari and E. Re, A general framework for implementing NLO
     calculations in shower Monte Carlo programs: the POWHEG BOX,  JHEP  06 (2010) 043
     [arXiv:1002.2581][INSPIRE].
[37] S. Alioli, P. Nason, C. Oleari and E. Re, NLO single-top production matched with shower in
     POWHEG: s- and t-channel contributions, JHEP 09 (2009) 111[ Erratum ibid. 02 (2010)
     011] [arXiv:0907.4076][INSPIRE].
[38] E. Re, Single-top Wt-channel production matched with parton showers using the POWHEG
     method, Eur. Phys. J. C 71 (2011) 1547[ arXiv:1009.2450][INSPIRE].
[39] S. Alioli, S.-O. Moch and P. Uwer, Hadronic top-quark pair-production with one jet and
     parton showering, JHEP 01 (2012) 137[ arXiv:1110.5251][INSPIRE].
[40] NNPDF   collaboration, Parton distributions for the LHC Run II, JHEP 04 (2015) 040
     [arXiv:1410.8849][INSPIRE].


                                         – 32 –
[41] S. Frixione, E. Laenen, P. Motylinski, B.R. Webber and C.D. White, Single-top
     hadroproduction in association with a W boson, JHEP 07 (2008) 029[ arXiv:0805.3067]
     [INSPIRE].
[42] S. Frixione, E. Laenen, P. Motylinski and B.R. Webber, Angular correlations of lepton pairs
     from vector boson and top quark decays in Monte Carlo simulations, JHEP 04 (2007) 081
     [hep-ph/0702198][INSPIRE].
[43] P. Artoisenet, R. Frederix, O. Mattelaer and R. Rietkerk, Automatic spin-entangled decays of
     heavy resonances in Monte Carlo simulations, JHEP 03 (2013) 015[ arXiv:1212.3460]
     [INSPIRE].
                                                                                                 JHEP10(2020)062
[44] T. Sj¨ostrandet al., An introduction to PYTHIA 8.2, Comput. Phys. Commun. 191 (2015)
     159[ arXiv:1410.3012][INSPIRE].
[45] ATLAS collaboration, ATLAS PYTHIA 8 tunes to 7 TeV datas, ATL-PHYS-PUB-2014-021
     (2014).
[46] D.J. Lange, The EvtGen particle decay simulation package, Nucl. Instrum. Meth. A 462
     (2001) 152[ INSPIRE].
[47] T. Gleisberg et al., Event generation with SHERPA 1.1, JHEP 02 (2009) 007
     [arXiv:0811.4622][INSPIRE].
[48] M. Czakon and A. Mitov, Top++: a program for the calculation of the top-pair cross-section
     at hadron colliders, Comput. Phys. Commun. 185 (2014) 2930[ arXiv:1112.5675][INSPIRE].
[49] N. Kidonakis, Two-loop soft anomalous dimensions for single top quark associated production
     with a W- or H-, Phys. Rev. D 82 (2010) 054018[ arXiv:1005.4451][INSPIRE].
[50] N. Kidonakis, Top quark production, in the proceedings of the Helmholtz International
     Summer School on Physics of Heavy Quarks and Hadrons (HQ 2013), July 15–28, Dubna,
     Russia (2013), arXiv:1311.0283 [INSPIRE].
[51] M. Aliev, H. Lacker, U. Langenfeld, S. Moch, P. Uwer and M. Wiedermann, HATHOR:
     HAdronic Top and Heavy quarks crOss section calculatoR, Comput. Phys. Commun. 182
     (2011) 1034[ arXiv:1007.1327][INSPIRE].
[52] P. Kant et al., HatHor for single top-quark production: updated predictions and uncertainty
     estimates for single top-quark production in hadronic collisions, Comput. Phys. Commun.
     191 (2015) 74[ arXiv:1406.4403][INSPIRE].
[53] J. Alwall et al., The automated computation of tree-level and next-to-leading order
     diﬀerential cross sections, and their matching to parton shower simulations, JHEP 07 (2014)
     079[ arXiv:1405.0301][INSPIRE].
[54] LHC Higgs Cross Section Working Group        collaboration, Handbook of LHC Higgs
     Cross Sections: 4. Deciphering the Nature of the Higgs Sector, arXiv:1610.07922 [INSPIRE].
[55] T. Gleisberg and S. Hoeche, Comix, a new matrix element generator, JHEP 12 (2008) 039
     [arXiv:0808.3674][INSPIRE].
[56] F. Cascioli, P. Maierhofer and S. Pozzorini, Scattering amplitudes with open loops, Phys. Rev.
     Lett. 108 (2012) 111601[ arXiv:1111.5206][INSPIRE].
[57] S. Schumann and F. Krauss, A parton shower algorithm based on Catani-Seymour dipole
     factorisation, JHEP 03 (2008) 038[ arXiv:0709.1027][INSPIRE].


                                         – 33 –
[58] S. Hoeche, F. Krauss, S. Schumann and F. Siegert, QCD matrix elements and truncated
     showers, JHEP 05 (2009) 053[ arXiv:0903.1219][INSPIRE].
[59] ATLAS   collaboration, Improvements in tt¯ modelling using NLO+PS Monte Carlo
     generators for Run2, ATL-PHYS-PUB-2018-009 (2018).
[60] M. Bahr et al., HERWIG++ physics and manual, Eur. Phys. J. C 58 (2008) 639
     [arXiv:0803.0883][INSPIRE].
[61] J. Bellm et al., HERWIG 7.0/HERWIG++ 3.0 release note, Eur. Phys. J. C 76 (2016) 196
     [arXiv:1512.01178][INSPIRE].
[62] L.A. Harland-Lang, A.D. Martin, P. Motylinski and R.S. Thorne, Parton distributions in the
                                                                                                 JHEP10(2020)062
     LHC era: MMHT 2014 PDFs,    Eur. Phys. J. C 75 (2015) 204[ arXiv:1412.3989][INSPIRE].
[63] ATLAS   collaboration, Multi-boson simulation for 13 TeV ATLAS analyses,
     ATL-PHYS-PUB-2017-005 (2017).
[64] ATLAS   collaboration, ATLAS simulation of boson plus jets processes in Run 2,
     ATL-PHYS-PUB-2017-006 (2017).
[65] L. L¨onnblad, Correcting the color dipole cascade model with ﬁxed order matrix elements,
     JHEP  05 (2002) 046[ hep-ph/0112284][INSPIRE].
[66] W. Beenakker, C. Borschensky, M. Kr¨amer,A. Kulesza and E. Laenen, NNLL-fast:
     predictions for coloured supersymmetric particle production at the LHC with threshold and
     Coulomb resummation, JHEP  12  (2016) 133[ arXiv:1607.07741][INSPIRE].
[67] W. Beenakker et al., NNLL resummation for squark and gluino production at the LHC,
     JHEP  12 (2014) 023[ arXiv:1404.3134][INSPIRE].
[68] W. Beenakker et al., Towards NNLL resummation: hard matching coeﬃcients for squark and
     gluino hadroproduction, JHEP 10 (2013) 120[ arXiv:1304.6354][INSPIRE].
[69] W. Beenakker, S. Brensing, M. Kr¨amer,A. Kulesza, E. Laenen and I. Niessen, NNLL
     resummation for squark-antisquark pair production at the LHC, JHEP 01 (2012) 076
     [arXiv:1110.2446][INSPIRE].
[70] W. Beenakker, S. Brensing, M. Kr¨amer,A. Kulesza, E. Laenen and I. Niessen, Soft-gluon
     resummation for squark and gluino hadroproduction, JHEP 12 (2009) 041
     [arXiv:0909.4418][INSPIRE].
[71] A. Kulesza and L. Motyka, Soft gluon resummation for the production of gluino-gluino and
     squark-antisquark pairs at the LHC, Phys. Rev. D 80 (2009) 095004[ arXiv:0905.4749]
     [INSPIRE].
[72] A. Kulesza and L. Motyka, Threshold resummation for squark-antisquark and gluino-pair
     production at the LHC, Phys. Rev. Lett. 102 (2009) 111802[ arXiv:0807.2405][INSPIRE].
[73] W. Beenakker, R. Hopker, M. Spira and P.M. Zerwas, Squark and gluino production at
     hadron colliders, Nucl. Phys. B 492 (1997) 51[ hep-ph/9610490][INSPIRE].
[74] J. Butterworth et al., PDF4LHC recommendations for LHC Run II, J. Phys. G 43 (2016)
     023001[ arXiv:1510.03865][INSPIRE].
[75] ATLAS collaboration, Vertex reconstruction performance of the ATLAS detector at
     √
      s = 13 TeV, ATL-PHYS-PUB-2015-026 (2015).

[76] M. Cacciari, G.P. Salam and G. Soyez, The anti-kt jet clustering algorithm, JHEP 04 (2008)
     063[ arXiv:0802.1189][INSPIRE].


                                         – 34 –
[77] M. Cacciari, G.P. Salam and G. Soyez, FastJet user manual, Eur. Phys. J. C 72 (2012) 1896
     [arXiv:1111.6097][INSPIRE].
[78] ATLAS   collaboration, Topological cell clustering in the ATLAS calorimeters and its
     performance in LHC Run 1, Eur. Phys. J. C 77 (2017) 490[ arXiv:1603.02934][INSPIRE].
[79] ATLAS   collaboration, Performance of pile-up mitigation techniques for jets in pp collisions
       √
     at  s = 8 TeV using the ATLAS detector, Eur. Phys. J. C 76 (2016) 581
     [arXiv:1510.03823][INSPIRE].
[80] ATLAS   collaboration, Jet reclustering and close-by eﬀects in ATLAS run II,
     ATLAS-CONF-2017-062 (2017).
                                                                                                 JHEP10(2020)062
[81] ATLAS   collaboration, Optimisation of the ATLAS b-tagging performance for the 2016 LHC
     Run, ATL-PHYS-PUB-2016-012 (2016).
[82] ATLAS   collaboration, ATLAS b-jet identiﬁcation performance and eﬃciency measurement
                                  √
     with tt¯ events in pp collisions at s = 13 TeV, Eur. Phys. J. C 79 (2019) 970
     [arXiv:1907.05120][INSPIRE].
[83] ATLAS   collaboration, Electron and photon performance measurements with the ATLAS
     detector using the 2015–2017 LHC proton-proton collision data, 2019 JINST 14 P12006
     [arXiv:1908.00005][INSPIRE].
[84] ATLAS   collaboration, Electron eﬃciency measurements with the ATLAS detector using
     2012 LHC proton-proton collision data, Eur. Phys. J. C 77 (2017) 195[ arXiv:1612.01456]
     [INSPIRE].
[85] ATLAS   collaboration, Muon reconstruction performance of the ATLAS detector in
                                 √
     proton-proton collision data at s = 13 TeV, Eur. Phys. J. C 76 (2016) 292
     [arXiv:1603.05598][INSPIRE].
                                                                 √
[86] ATLAS   collaboration, Muon reconstruction performance in early s = 13 TeV data,
     ATL-PHYS-PUB-2015-037 (2015).
[87] ATLAS   collaboration, Performance of missing transverse momentum reconstruction with the
                                                  √
     ATLAS detector using proton-proton collisions at s = 13 TeV, Eur. Phys. J. C 78 (2018)
     903[ arXiv:1802.08168][INSPIRE].
     ATLAS                 miss
[88]         collaboration, ET  performance in the ATLAS detector using 2015-2016 LHC p-p
     collisions, ATLAS-CONF-2018-023 (2018).
[89] M. Baak, G.J. Besjes, D. Cˆote,A. Koutsman, J. Lorenz and D. Short, HistFitter software
     framework for statistical data analysis, Eur. Phys. J. C 75 (2015) 153[ arXiv:1410.1280]
     [INSPIRE].
[90] G. Cowan, K. Cranmer, E. Gross and O. Vitells, Asymptotic formulae for likelihood-based
     tests of new physics, Eur. Phys. J. C 71 (2011) 1554[ Erratum ibid. 73 (2013) 2501]
     [arXiv:1007.1727][INSPIRE].

[91] A.L. Read, Presentation of search results: The CLs technique, J. Phys. G 28 (2002) 2693
     [INSPIRE].
[92] ATLAS   collaboration, ATLAS computing acknowledgements, ATL-SOFT-PUB-2020-001
     (2020).


                                         – 35 –
The ATLAS collaboration

G. Aad102, B. Abbott128, D.C. Abbott103, A. Abed Abud36, K. Abeling53, D.K. Abhayasinghe94,
S.H. Abidi166, O.S. AbouZeid40, N.L. Abraham155, H. Abramowicz160, H. Abreu159, Y. Abulaiti6,
B.S. Acharya67a,67b,n, B. Achkar53, L. Adam100, C. Adam Bourdarios5, L. Adamczyk84a,
L. Adamek166, J. Adelman121, M. Adersberger114, A. Adiguzel12c, S. Adorni54, T. Adye143,
A.A. Aﬀolder145, Y. Aﬁk159, C. Agapopoulou65, M.N. Agaras38, A. Aggarwal119,
C. Agheorghiesei27c, J.A. Aguilar-Saavedra139f,139a,ad, A. Ahmad36, F. Ahmadov80,
W.S. Ahmed104, X. Ai18, G. Aielli74a,74b, S. Akatsuka86, T.P.A. Akesson˚ 97, E. Akilli54,
            111             65              23b,23a        175                     160

A.V. Akimov   , K. Al Khoury  , G.L. Alberghi     , J. Albert , M.J. Alconada Verzini ,          JHEP10(2020)062
S. Alderweireldt36, M. Aleksa36, I.N. Aleksandrov80, C. Alexa27b, T. Alexopoulos10, A. Alfonsi120,
F. Alfonsi23b,23a, M. Alhroob128, B. Ali141, S. Ali157, M. Aliev165, G. Alimonti69a, C. Allaire36,
B.M.M. Allbrooke155, B.W. Allen131, P.P. Allport21, A. Aloisio70a,70b, F. Alonso89,
C. Alpigiani147, E. Alunno Camelia74a,74b, M. Alvarez Estevez99, M.G. Alviggi70a,70b,
Y. Amaral Coutinho81b, A. Ambler104, L. Ambroz134, C. Amelung26, D. Amidei106,
S.P. Amor Dos Santos139a, S. Amoroso46, C.S. Amrouche54, F. An79, C. Anastopoulos148,
N. Andari144, T. Andeen11, J.K. Anders20, S.Y. Andrean45a,45b, A. Andreazza69a,69b,
V. Andrei61a, C.R. Anelli175, S. Angelidakis9, A. Angerami39, A.V. Anisenkov122b,122a,
A. Annovi72a, C. Antel54, M.T. Anthony148, E. Antipov129, M. Antonelli51, D.J.A. Antrim170,
F. Anulli73a, M. Aoki82, J.A. Aparisi Pozo173, M.A. Aparo155, L. Aperio Bella46,
N. Aranzabal Barrio36, V. Araujo Ferraz81a, R. Araujo Pereira81b, C. Arcangeletti51,
A.T.H. Arce49, F.A. Arduh89, J-F. Arguin110, S. Argyropoulos52, J.-H. Arling46,
A.J. Armbruster36, A. Armstrong170, O. Arnaez166, H. Arnold120, Z.P. Arrubarrena Tame114,
G. Artoni134, S. Asai162, T. Asawatavonvanich164, N. Asbah59, E.M. Asimakopoulou171,
L. Asquith155, J. Assahsah35d, K. Assamagan29, R. Astalos28a, R.J. Atkin33a, M. Atkinson172,
N.B. Atlay19, H. Atmani65, K. Augsten141, V.A. Austrup181, G. Avolio36, M.K. Ayoub15a,
G. Azuelos110,al, H. Bachacou144, K. Bachas161, M. Backes134, F. Backman45a,45b,
P. Bagnaia73a,73b, M. Bahmani85, H. Bahrasemani151, A.J. Bailey173, V.R. Bailey172,
J.T. Baines143, C. Bakalis10, O.K. Baker182, P.J. Bakker120, E. Bakos16, D. Bakshi Gupta8,
S. Balaji156, E.M. Baldin122b,122a, P. Balek179, F. Balli144, W.K. Balunas134, J. Balz100,
E. Banas85, M. Bandieramonte138, A. Bandyopadhyay24, Sw. Banerjee180,i, L. Barak160,
W.M. Barbe38, E.L. Barberio105, D. Barberis55b,55a, M. Barbero102, G. Barbour95, T. Barillari115,
M-S. Barisits36, J. Barkeloo131, T. Barklow152, R. Barnea159, B.M. Barnett143, R.M. Barnett18,
Z. Barnovska-Blenessy60a, A. Baroncelli60a, G. Barone29, A.J. Barr134,
L. Barranco Navarro45a,45b, F. Barreiro99, J. Barreiro Guimar˜aesda Costa15a, U. Barron160,
S. Barsov137, F. Bartels61a, R. Bartoldus152, G. Bartolini102, A.E. Barton90, P. Bartos28a,
A. Basalaev46, A. Basan100, A. Bassalat65,ai, M.J. Basso166, R.L. Bates57, S. Batlamous35e,
J.R. Batley32, B. Batool150, M. Battaglia145, M. Bauce73a,73b, F. Bauer144, K.T. Bauer170,
H.S. Bawa31, J.B. Beacham49, T. Beau135, P.H. Beauchemin169, F. Becherer52, P. Bechtle24,
H.C. Beck53, H.P. Beck20,p, K. Becker177, C. Becot46, A. Beddall12d, A.J. Beddall12a,
V.A. Bednyakov80, M. Bedognetti120, C.P. Bee154, T.A. Beermann181, M. Begalli81b, M. Begel29,
A. Behera154, J.K. Behr46, F. Beisiegel24, M. Belfkir5, A.S. Bell95, G. Bella160, L. Bellagamba23b,
A. Bellerive34, P. Bellos9, K. Beloborodov122b,122a, K. Belotskiy112, N.L. Belyaev112,
D. Benchekroun35a, N. Benekos10, Y. Benhammou160, D.P. Benjamin6, M. Benoit54,
J.R. Bensinger26, S. Bentvelsen120, L. Beresford134, M. Beretta51, D. Berge19,
E. Bergeaas Kuutmann171, N. Berger5, B. Bergmann141, L.J. Bergsten26, J. Beringer18,
S. Berlendis7, G. Bernardi135, C. Bernius152, F.U. Bernlochner24, T. Berry94, P. Berta100,
C. Bertella15a, A. Berthold48, I.A. Bertram90, O. Bessidskaia Bylund181, N. Besson144,


                                         – 36 –
A. Bethani101, S. Bethke115, A. Betti42, A.J. Bevan93, J. Beyer115, D.S. Bhattacharya176,
P. Bhattarai26, V.S. Bhopatkar6, R. Bi138, R.M. Bianchi138, O. Biebel114, D. Biedermann19,
R. Bielski36, K. Bierwagen100, N.V. Biesuz72a,72b, M. Biglietti75a, T.R.V. Billoud110, M. Bindi53,
A. Bingul12d, C. Bini73a,73b, S. Biondi23b,23a, C.J. Birch-sykes101, M. Birman179, T. Bisanz53,
J.P. Biswal3, D. Biswas180,i, A. Bitadze101, C. Bittrich48, K. Bjørke133, T. Blazek28a, I. Bloch46,
C. Blocker26, A. Blue57, U. Blumenschein93, G.J. Bobbink120, V.S. Bobrovnikov122b,122a,
S.S. Bocchetta97, D. Boerner46, D. Bogavac14, A.G. Bogdanchikov122b,122a, C. Bohm45a,
V. Boisvert94, P. Bokan53,171,53, T. Bold84a, A.E. Bolz61b, M. Bomben135, M. Bona93,
J.S. Bonilla131, M. Boonekamp144, C.D. Booth94, H.M. Borecka-Bielska91, L.S. Borgna95,
A. Borisov123, G. Borissov90, J. Bortfeldt36, D. Bortoletto134, D. Boscherini23b, M. Bosman14,
J.D. Bossio Sola104, K. Bouaouda35a, J. Boudreau138, E.V. Bouhova-Thacker90, D. Boumediene38,    JHEP10(2020)062
S.K. Boutle57, A. Boveia127, J. Boyd36, D. Boye33c, I.R. Boyko80, A.J. Bozson94, J. Bracinik21,
N. Brahimi60d, G. Brandt181, O. Brandt32, F. Braren46, B. Brau103, J.E. Brau131,
W.D. Breaden Madden57, K. Brendlinger46, L. Brenner46, R. Brenner171, S. Bressler179,
B. Brickwedde100, D.L. Briglin21, D. Britton57, D. Britzger115, I. Brock24, R. Brock107,
G. Brooijmans39, W.K. Brooks146d, E. Brost29, P.A. Bruckman de Renstrom85, B. Br¨uers46,
D. Bruncko28b, A. Bruni23b, G. Bruni23b, L.S. Bruni120, S. Bruno74a,74b, M. Bruschi23b,
N. Bruscino73a,73b, L. Bryngemark152, T. Buanes17, Q. Buat36, P. Buchholz150, A.G. Buckley57,
I.A. Budagov80, M.K. Bugge133, F. B¨uhrer52, O. Bulekov112, B.A. Bullard59, T.J. Burch121,
S. Burdin91, C.D. Burgard120, A.M. Burger129, B. Burghgrave8, J.T.P. Burr46, C.D. Burton11,
J.C. Burzynski103, V. B¨uscher100, E. Buschmann53, P.J. Bussey57, J.M. Butler25, C.M. Buttar57,
J.M. Butterworth95, P. Butti36, W. Buttinger36, C.J. Buxo Vazquez107, A. Buzatu157,
A.R. Buzykaev122b,122a, G. Cabras23b,23a, S. Cabrera Urb´an173, D. Caforio56, H. Cai138,
V.M.M. Cairo152, O. Cakir4a, N. Calace36, P. Calaﬁura18, G. Calderini135, P. Calfayan66,
G. Callea57, L.P. Caloba81b, A. Caltabiano74a,74b, S. Calvente Lopez99, D. Calvet38, S. Calvet38,
T.P. Calvet102, M. Calvetti72a,72b, R. Camacho Toro135, S. Camarda36, D. Camarero Munoz99,
P. Camarri74a,74b, M.T. Camerlingo75a,75b, D. Cameron133, C. Camincher36, S. Campana36,
M. Campanelli95, A. Camplani40, V. Canale70a,70b, A. Canesse104, M. Cano Bret78, J. Cantero129,
T. Cao160, Y. Cao172, M.D.M. Capeans Garrido36, M. Capua41b,41a, R. Cardarelli74a,
F. Cardillo148, G. Carducci41b,41a, I. Carli142, T. Carli36, G. Carlino70a, B.T. Carlson138,
E.M. Carlson175,167a, L. Carminati69a,69b, R.M.D. Carney152, S. Caron119, E. Carquin146d,
S. Carr´a46, G. Carratta23b,23a, J.W.S. Carter166, T.M. Carter50, M.P. Casado14,f , A.F. Casha166,
F.L. Castillo173, L. Castillo Garcia14, V. Castillo Gimenez173, N.F. Castro139a,139e,
A. Catinaccio36, J.R. Catmore133, A. Cattai36, V. Cavaliere29, E. Cavallaro14, V. Cavasinni72a,72b,
E. Celebi12b, F. Celli134, K. Cerny130, A.S. Cerqueira81a, A. Cerri155, L. Cerrito74a,74b,
F. Cerutti18, A. Cervelli23b,23a, S.A. Cetin12b, Z. Chadi35a, D. Chakraborty121, J. Chan180,
W.S. Chan120, W.Y. Chan91, J.D. Chapman32, B. Chargeishvili158b, D.G. Charlton21,
T.P. Charman93, C.C. Chau34, S. Che127, S. Chekanov6, S.V. Chekulaev167a, G.A. Chelkov80,ag,
B. Chen79, C. Chen60a, C.H. Chen79, H. Chen29, J. Chen60a, J. Chen39, J. Chen26, S. Chen136,
S.J. Chen15c, X. Chen15b, Y. Chen60a, Y-H. Chen46, H.C. Cheng63a, H.J. Cheng15a,
A. Cheplakov80, E. Cheremushkina123, R. Cherkaoui El Moursli35e, E. Cheu7, K. Cheung64,
T.J.A. Cheval´erias144, L. Chevalier144, V. Chiarella51, G. Chiarelli72a, G. Chiodini68a,
A.S. Chisholm21, A. Chitan27b, I. Chiu162, Y.H. Chiu175, M.V. Chizhov80, K. Choi11,
A.R. Chomont73a,73b, S. Chouridou161, Y.S. Chow120, L.D. Christopher33e, M.C. Chu63a,
X. Chu15a,15d, J. Chudoba140, J.J. Chwastowski85, L. Chytka130, D. Cieri115, K.M. Ciesla85,
D. Cinca47, V. Cindro92, I.A. Cioar˘a27b, A. Ciocio18, F. Cirotto70a,70b, Z.H. Citron179,j,
M. Citterio69a, D.A. Ciubotaru27b, B.M. Ciungu166, A. Clark54, M.R. Clark39, P.J. Clark50,
S.E. Clawson101, C. Clement45a,45b, Y. Coadou102, M. Cobal67a,67c, A. Coccaro55b, J. Cochran79,


                                         – 37 –
R. Coelho Lopes De Sa103, H. Cohen160, A.E.C. Coimbra36, B. Cole39, A.P. Colijn120, J. Collot58,
P. Conde Mui˜no139a,139h, S.H. Connell33c, I.A. Connelly57, S. Constantinescu27b,
F. Conventi70a,am, A.M. Cooper-Sarkar134, F. Cormier174, K.J.R. Cormier166, L.D. Corpe95,
M. Corradi73a,73b, E.E. Corrigan97, F. Corriveau104,ab, M.J. Costa173, F. Costanza5,
D. Costanzo148, G. Cowan94, J.W. Cowley32, J. Crane101, K. Cranmer125, R.A. Creager136,
S. Cr´ep´e-Renaudin58, F. Crescioli135, M. Cristinziani24, V. Croft169, G. Crosetti41b,41a, A. Cueto5,
T. Cuhadar Donszelmann170, H. Cui15a,15d, A.R. Cukierman152, W.R. Cunningham57,
S. Czekierda85, P. Czodrowski36, M.M. Czurylo61b, M.J. Da Cunha Sargedas De Sousa60b,
J.V. Da Fonseca Pinto81b, C. Da Via101, W. Dabrowski84a, F. Dachs36, T. Dado28a, S. Dahbi33e,
T. Dai106, C. Dallapiccola103, M. Dam40, G. D’amen29, V. D’Amico75a,75b, J. Damp100,
J.R. Dandoy136, M.F. Daneri30, M. Danninger151, V. Dao36, G. Darbo55b, O. Dartsi5,               JHEP10(2020)062
A. Dattagupta131, T. Daubney46, S. D’Auria69a,69b, C. David167b, T. Davidek142, D.R. Davis49,
I. Dawson148, K. De8, R. De Asmundis70a, M. De Beurs120, S. De Castro23b,23a, N. De Groot119,
P. de Jong120, H. De la Torre107, A. De Maria15c, D. De Pedis73a, A. De Salvo73a,
U. De Sanctis74a,74b, M. De Santis74a,74b, A. De Santo155, J.B. De Vivie De Regie65,
C. Debenedetti145, D.V. Dedovich80, A.M. Deiana42, J. Del Peso99, Y. Delabat Diaz46,
D. Delgove65, F. Deliot144, C.M. Delitzsch7, M. Della Pietra70a,70b, D. Della Volpe54,
A. Dell’Acqua36, L. Dell’Asta74a,74b, M. Delmastro5, C. Delporte65, P.A. Delsart58,
D.A. DeMarco166, S. Demers182, M. Demichev80, G. Demontigny110, S.P. Denisov123,
L. D’Eramo121, D. Derendarz85, J.E. Derkaoui35d, F. Derue135, P. Dervan91, K. Desch24,
K. Dette166, C. Deutsch24, M.R. Devesa30, P.O. Deviveiros36, F.A. Di Bello73a,73b,
A. Di Ciaccio74a,74b, L. Di Ciaccio5, W.K. Di Clemente136, C. Di Donato70a,70b, A. Di Girolamo36,
G. Di Gregorio72a,72b, B. Di Micco75a,75b, R. Di Nardo75a,75b, K.F. Di Petrillo59, R. Di Sipio166,
C. Diaconu102, F.A. Dias40, T. Dias Do Vale139a, M.A. Diaz146a, F.G. Diaz Capriles24,
J. Dickinson18, E.B. Diehl106, J. Dietrich19, S. D´ıezCornell46, A. Dimitrievska18, W. Ding15b,
J. Dingfelder24, S.J. Dittmeier61b, F. Dittus36, F. Djama102, T. Djobava158b, J.I. Djuvsland17,
M.A.B. Do Vale81c, M. Dobre27b, D. Dodsworth26, C. Doglioni97, J. Dolejsi142, Z. Dolezal142,
M. Donadelli81d, B. Dong60c, J. Donini38, A. D’onofrio15c, M. D’Onofrio91, J. Dopke143,
A. Doria70a, M.T. Dova89, A.T. Doyle57, E. Drechsler151, E. Dreyer151, T. Dreyer53,
A.S. Drobac169, D. Du60b, T.A. du Pree120, Y. Duan60d, F. Dubinin111, M. Dubovsky28a,
A. Dubreuil54, E. Duchovni179, G. Duckeck114, O.A. Ducu27b, D. Duda115, A. Dudarev36,
A.C. Dudder100, E.M. Duﬃeld18, M. D’uﬃzi101, L. Duﬂot65, M. D¨uhrssen36, C. D¨ulsen181,
M. Dumancic179, A.E. Dumitriu27b, A.K. Duncan57, M. Dunford61a, A. Duperrin102,
H. Duran Yildiz4a, M. D¨uren56, A. Durglishvili158b, D. Duschinger48, B. Dutta46, D. Duvnjak1,
G.I. Dyckes136, M. Dyndal36, S. Dysch101, B.S. Dziedzic85, M.G. Eggleston49, T. Eifert8,
G. Eigen17, K. Einsweiler18, T. Ekelof171, H. El Jarrari35e, V. Ellajosyula171, M. Ellert171,
F. Ellinghaus181, A.A. Elliot93, N. Ellis36, J. Elmsheuser29, M. Elsing36, D. Emeliyanov143,
A. Emerman39, Y. Enari162, M.B. Epland49, J. Erdmann47, A. Ereditato20, P.A. Erland85,
M. Errenst36, M. Escalier65, C. Escobar173, O. Estrada Pastor173, E. Etzion160, H. Evans66,
M.O. Evans155, A. Ezhilov137, F. Fabbri57, L. Fabbri23b,23a, V. Fabiani119, G. Facini177,
R.M. Faisca Rodrigues Pereira139a, R.M. Fakhrutdinov123, S. Falciano73a, P.J. Falke24, S. Falke36,
J. Faltova142, Y. Fang15a, Y. Fang15a, G. Fanourakis44, M. Fanti69a,69b, M. Faraj67a,67c,q,
A. Farbin8, A. Farilla75a, E.M. Farina71a,71b, T. Farooque107, S.M. Farrington50, P. Farthouat36,
F. Fassi35e, P. Fassnacht36, D. Fassouliotis9, M. Faucci Giannelli50, W.J. Fawcett32, L. Fayard65,
O.L. Fedin137,o, W. Fedorko174, A. Fehr20, M. Feickert172, L. Feligioni102, A. Fell148, C. Feng60b,
M. Feng49, M.J. Fenton170, A.B. Fenyuk123, S.W. Ferguson43, J. Ferrando46, A. Ferrante172,
A. Ferrari171, P. Ferrari120, R. Ferrari71a, D.E. Ferreira de Lima61b, A. Ferrer173, D. Ferrere54,
C. Ferretti106, F. Fiedler100, A. Filipˇciˇc92, F. Filthaut119, K.D. Finelli25,


                                         – 38 –
M.C.N. Fiolhais139a,139c,a, L. Fiorini173, F. Fischer114, J. Fischer100, W.C. Fisher107,
T. Fitschen21, I. Fleck150, P. Fleischmann106, T. Flick181, B.M. Flierl114, L. Flores136,
L.R. Flores Castillo63a, F.M. Follega76a,76b, N. Fomin17, J.H. Foo166, G.T. Forcolin76a,76b,
B.C. Forland66, A. Formica144, F.A. F¨orster14, A.C. Forti101, E. Fortin102, M.G. Foti134,
D. Fournier65, H. Fox90, P. Francavilla72a,72b, S. Francescato73a,73b, M. Franchini23b,23a,
S. Franchino61a, D. Francis36, L. Franco5, L. Franconi20, M. Franklin59, G. Frattari73a,73b,
A.N. Fray93, P.M. Freeman21, B. Freund110, W.S. Freund81b, E.M. Freundlich47, D.C. Frizzell128,
D. Froidevaux36, J.A. Frost134, M. Fujimoto126, C. Fukunaga163, E. Fullana Torregrosa173,
T. Fusayasu116, J. Fuster173, A. Gabrielli23b,23a, A. Gabrielli36, S. Gadatsch54, P. Gadow115,
G. Gagliardi55b,55a, L.G. Gagnon110, G.E. Gallardo134, E.J. Gallas134, B.J. Gallop143,
G. Galster40, R. Gamboa Goni93, K.K. Gan127, S. Ganguly179, J. Gao60a, Y. Gao50, Y.S. Gao31,l,   JHEP10(2020)062
F.M. Garay Walls146a, C. Garc´ıa173, J.E. Garc´ıaNavarro173, J.A. Garc´ıaPascual15a,
C. Garcia-Argos52, M. Garcia-Sciveres18, R.W. Gardner37, N. Garelli152, S. Gargiulo52,
C.A. Garner166, V. Garonne133, S.J. Gasiorowski147, P. Gaspar81b, A. Gaudiello55b,55a,
G. Gaudio71a, I.L. Gavrilenko111, A. Gavrilyuk124, C. Gay174, G. Gaycken46, E.N. Gazis10,
A.A. Geanta27b, C.M. Gee145, C.N.P. Gee143, J. Geisen97, M. Geisen100, C. Gemme55b,
M.H. Genest58, C. Geng106, S. Gentile73a,73b, S. George94, T. Geralis44, L.O. Gerlach53,
P. Gessinger-Befurt100, G. Gessner47, S. Ghasemi150, M. Ghasemi Bostanabad175,
M. Ghneimat150, A. Ghosh65, A. Ghosh78, B. Giacobbe23b, S. Giagu73a,73b, N. Giangiacomi23b,23a,
P. Giannetti72a, A. Giannini70a,70b, G. Giannini14, S.M. Gibson94, M. Gignac145, D.T. Gil84b,
D. Gillberg34, G. Gilles181, D.M. Gingrich3,al, M.P. Giordani67a,67c, P.F. Giraud144,
G. Giugliarelli67a,67c, D. Giugni69a, F. Giuli74a,74b, S. Gkaitatzis161, I. Gkialas9,g,
E.L. Gkougkousis14, P. Gkountoumis10, L.K. Gladilin113, C. Glasman99, J. Glatzer14,
P.C.F. Glaysher46, A. Glazov46, G.R. Gledhill131, I. Gnesi41b,b, M. Goblirsch-Kolb26, D. Godin110,
S. Goldfarb105, T. Golling54, D. Golubkov123, A. Gomes139a,139b, R. Goncalves Gama53,
R. Gon¸calo139a,139c, G. Gonella131, L. Gonella21, A. Gongadze80, F. Gonnella21, J.L. Gonski39,
S. Gonz´alezde la Hoz173, S. Gonzalez Fernandez14, C. Gonzalez Renteria18,
R. Gonzalez Suarez171, S. Gonzalez-Sevilla54, G.R. Gonzalvo Rodriguez173, L. Goossens36,
N.A. Gorasia21, P.A. Gorbounov124, H.A. Gordon29, B. Gorini36, E. Gorini68a,68b, A. Goriˇsek92,
A.T. Goshaw49, M.I. Gostkin80, C.A. Gottardo119, M. Gouighri35b, A.G. Goussiou147,
N. Govender33c, C. Goy5, I. Grabowska-Bold84a, E.C. Graham91, J. Gramling170, E. Gramstad133,
S. Grancagnolo19, M. Grandi155, V. Gratchev137, P.M. Gravila27f , F.G. Gravili68a,68b, C. Gray57,
H.M. Gray18, C. Grefe24, K. Gregersen97, I.M. Gregor46, P. Grenier152, K. Grevtsov46,
C. Grieco14, N.A. Grieser128, A.A. Grillo145, K. Grimm31,k, S. Grinstein14,w, J.-F. Grivaz65,
S. Groh100, E. Gross179, J. Grosse-Knetter53, Z.J. Grout95, C. Grud106, A. Grummer118,
J.C. Grundy134, L. Guan106, W. Guan180, C. Gubbels174, J. Guenther36, A. Guerguichon65,
J.G.R. Guerrero Rojas173, F. Guescini115, D. Guest170, R. Gugel100, T. Guillemin5, S. Guindon36,
U. Gul57, J. Guo60c, W. Guo106, Y. Guo60a, Z. Guo102, R. Gupta46, S. Gurbuz12c,
G. Gustavino128, M. Guth52, P. Gutierrez128, C. Gutschow95, C. Guyot144, C. Gwenlan134,
C.B. Gwilliam91, E.S. Haaland133, A. Haas125, C. Haber18, H.K. Hadavand8, A. Hadef60a,
M. Haleem176, J. Haley129, J.J. Hall148, G. Halladjian107, G.D. Hallewell102, K. Hamano175,
H. Hamdaoui35e, M. Hamer24, G.N. Hamity50, K. Han60a,v, L. Han60a, S. Han18, Y.F. Han166,
K. Hanagaki82,t, M. Hance145, D.M. Handl114, M.D. Hank37, R. Hankache135, E. Hansen97,
J.B. Hansen40, J.D. Hansen40, M.C. Hansen24, P.H. Hansen40, E.C. Hanson101, K. Hara168,
T. Harenberg181, S. Harkusha108, P.F. Harrison177, N.M. Hartman152, N.M. Hartmann114,
Y. Hasegawa149, A. Hasib50, S. Hassani144, S. Haug20, R. Hauser107, L.B. Havener39,
M. Havranek141, C.M. Hawkes21, R.J. Hawkings36, S. Hayashida117, D. Hayden107, C. Hayes106,
R.L. Hayes174, C.P. Hays134, J.M. Hays93, H.S. Hayward91, S.J. Haywood143, F. He60a,


                                         – 39 –
M.P. Heath50, V. Hedberg97, S. Heer24, A.L. Heggelund133, C. Heidegger52, K.K. Heidegger52,
W.D. Heidorn79, J. Heilman34, S. Heim46, T. Heim18, B. Heinemann46,aj, J.G. Heinlein136,
J.J. Heinrich131, L. Heinrich36, J. Hejbal140, L. Helary61b, A. Held125, S. Hellesund133,
C.M. Helling145, S. Hellman45a,45b, C. Helsens36, R.C.W. Henderson90, Y. Heng180,
L. Henkelmann32, A.M. Henriques Correia36, H. Herde26, Y. Hern´andez Jim´enez33e, H. Herr100,
M.G. Herrmann114, T. Herrmann48, G. Herten52, R. Hertenberger114, L. Hervas36,
T.C. Herwig136, G.G. Hesketh95, N.P. Hessey167a, H. Hibi83, A. Higashida162, S. Higashino82,
E. Hig´on-Rodriguez173, K. Hildebrand37, J.C. Hill32, K.K. Hill29, K.H. Hiller46, S.J. Hillier21,
M. Hils48, I. Hinchliﬀe18, F. Hinterkeuser24, M. Hirose132, S. Hirose52, D. Hirschbuehl181,
B. Hiti92, O. Hladik140, D.R. Hlaluku33e, J. Hobbs154, N. Hod179, M.C. Hodgkinson148,
A. Hoecker36, D. Hohn52, D. Hohov65, T. Holm24, T.R. Holmes37, M. Holzbock114,                   JHEP10(2020)062
L.B.A.H. Hommels32, T.M. Hong138, J.C. Honig52, A. H¨onle115, B.H. Hooberman172,
W.H. Hopkins6, Y. Horii117, P. Horn48, L.A. Horyn37, S. Hou157, A. Hoummada35a, J. Howarth57,
J. Hoya89, M. Hrabovsky130, J. Hrdinka77, J. Hrivnac65, A. Hrynevich109, T. Hryn’ova5,
P.J. Hsu64, S.-C. Hsu147, Q. Hu29, S. Hu60c, Y.F. Hu15a,15d,an, D.P. Huang95, Y. Huang60a,
Y. Huang15a, Z. Hubacek141, F. Hubaut102, M. Huebner24, F. Huegging24, T.B. Huﬀman134,
M. Huhtinen36, R. Hulsken58, R.F.H. Hunter34, P. Huo154, N. Huseynov80,ac, J. Huston107,
J. Huth59, R. Hyneman106, S. Hyrych28a, G. Iacobucci54, G. Iakovidis29, I. Ibragimov150,
L. Iconomidou-Fayard65, P. Iengo36, R. Ignazzi40, O. Igonkina120,y,∗, R. Iguchi162, T. Iizawa54,
Y. Ikegami82, M. Ikeno82, D. Iliadis161, N. Ilic119,166,ab, F. Iltzsche48, H. Imam35a,
G. Introzzi71a,71b, M. Iodice75a, K. Iordanidou167a, V. Ippolito73a,73b, M.F. Isacson171,
M. Ishino162, W. Islam129, C. Issever19,46, S. Istin159, F. Ito168, J.M. Iturbe Ponce63a,
R. Iuppa76a,76b, A. Ivina179, H. Iwasaki82, J.M. Izen43, V. Izzo70a, P. Jacka140, P. Jackson1,
R.M. Jacobs46, B.P. Jaeger151, V. Jain2, G. J¨akel181, K.B. Jakobi100, K. Jakobs52, T. Jakoubek179,
J. Jamieson57, K.W. Janas84a, R. Jansky54, M. Janus53, P.A. Janus84a, G. Jarlskog97,
A.E. Jaspan91, N. Javadov80,ac, T. Jav˚urek36, M. Javurkova103, F. Jeanneau144, L. Jeanty131,
J. Jejelava158a, P. Jenni52,c, N. Jeong46, S. J´ez´equel5, H. Ji180, J. Jia154, H. Jiang79, Y. Jiang60a,
Z. Jiang152, S. Jiggins52, F.A. Jimenez Morales38, J. Jimenez Pena115, S. Jin15c, A. Jinaru27b,
O. Jinnouchi164, H. Jivan33e, P. Johansson148, K.A. Johns7, C.A. Johnson66, R.W.L. Jones90,
S.D. Jones155, T.J. Jones91, J. Jongmanns61a, J. Jovicevic36, X. Ju18, J.J. Junggeburth115,
A. Juste Rozas14,w, A. Kaczmarska85, M. Kado73a,73b, H. Kagan127, M. Kagan152, A. Kahn39,
C. Kahra100, T. Kaji178, E. Kajomovitz159, C.W. Kalderon29, A. Kaluza100,
A. Kamenshchikov123, M. Kaneda162, N.J. Kang145, S. Kang79, Y. Kano117, J. Kanzaki82,
L.S. Kaplan180, D. Kar33e, K. Karava134, M.J. Kareem167b, I. Karkanias161, S.N. Karpov80,
Z.M. Karpova80, V. Kartvelishvili90, A.N. Karyukhin123, A. Kastanas45a,45b, C. Kato60d,60c,
J. Katzy46, K. Kawade149, K. Kawagoe88, T. Kawaguchi117, T. Kawamoto144, G. Kawamura53,
E.F. Kay175, S. Kazakos14, V.F. Kazanin122b,122a, R. Keeler175, R. Kehoe42, J.S. Keller34,
E. Kellermann97, D. Kelsey155, J.J. Kempster21, J. Kendrick21, K.E. Kennedy39, O. Kepka140,
S. Kersten181, B.P. Kerˇsevan92, S. Ketabchi Haghighat166, M. Khader172, F. Khalil-Zada13,
M. Khandoga144, A. Khanov129, A.G. Kharlamov122b,122a, T. Kharlamova122b,122a,
E.E. Khoda174, A. Khodinov165, T.J. Khoo54, G. Khoriauli176, E. Khramov80, J. Khubua158b,
S. Kido83, M. Kiehn54, C.R. Kilby94, E. Kim164, Y.K. Kim37, N. Kimura95, B.T. King91,∗,
A. Kirchhoﬀ53, D. Kirchmeier48, J. Kirk143, A.E. Kiryunin115, T. Kishimoto162, D.P. Kisliuk166,
V. Kitali46, C. Kitsaki10, O. Kivernyk24, T. Klapdor-Kleingrothaus52, M. Klassen61a, C. Klein34,
M.H. Klein106, M. Klein91, U. Klein91, K. Kleinknecht100, P. Klimek121, A. Klimentov29,
T. Klingl24, T. Klioutchnikova36, F.F. Klitzner114, P. Kluit120, S. Kluth115, E. Kneringer77,
E.B.F.G. Knoops102, A. Knue52, D. Kobayashi88, T. Kobayashi162, M. Kobel48, M. Kocian152,
T. Kodama162, P. Kodys142, D.M. Koeck155, P.T. Koenig24, T. Koﬀas34, N.M. K¨ohler36,


                                         – 40 –
M. Kolb144, I. Koletsou5, T. Komarek130, T. Kondo82, K. K¨oneke52, A.X.Y. Kong1,
A.C. K¨onig119, T. Kono126, V. Konstantinides95, N. Konstantinidis95, B. Konya97,
R. Kopeliansky66, S. Koperny84a, K. Korcyl85, K. Kordas161, G. Koren160, A. Korn95,
I. Korolkov14, E.V. Korolkova148, N. Korotkova113, O. Kortner115, S. Kortner115,
V.V. Kostyukhin148,165, A. Kotsokechagia65, A. Kotwal49, A. Koulouris10,
A. Kourkoumeli-Charalampidi71a,71b, C. Kourkoumelis9, E. Kourlitis6, V. Kouskoura29,
R. Kowalewski175, W. Kozanecki101, A.S. Kozhin123, V.A. Kramarenko113, G. Kramberger92,
D. Krasnopevtsev60a, M.W. Krasny135, A. Krasznahorkay36, D. Krauss115, J.A. Kremer100,
J. Kretzschmar91, P. Krieger166, F. Krieter114, A. Krishnan61b, K. Krizka18, K. Kroeninger47,
H. Kroha115, J. Kroll140, J. Kroll136, K.S. Krowpman107, U. Kruchonak80, H. Kr¨uger24,
N. Krumnack79, M.C. Kruse49, J.A. Krzysiak85, O. Kuchinskaia165, S. Kuday4b, J.T. Kuechler46,    JHEP10(2020)062
S. Kuehn36, A. Kugel61a, T. Kuhl46, V. Kukhtin80, Y. Kulchitsky108,ae, S. Kuleshov146b,
Y.P. Kulinich172, M. Kuna58, T. Kunigo86, A. Kupco140, T. Kupfer47, O. Kuprash52,
H. Kurashige83, L.L. Kurchaninov167a, Y.A. Kurochkin108, A. Kurova112, M.G. Kurth15a,15d,
E.S. Kuwertz36, M. Kuze164, A.K. Kvam147, J. Kvita130, T. Kwan104, F. La Ruﬀa41b,41a,
C. Lacasta173, F. Lacava73a,73b, D.P.J. Lack101, H. Lacker19, D. Lacour135, E. Ladygin80,
R. Lafaye5, B. Laforge135, T. Lagouri146b, S. Lai53, I.K. Lakomiec84a, J.E. Lambert128,
S. Lammers66, W. Lampl7, C. Lampoudis161, E. Lan¸con29, U. Landgraf52, M.P.J. Landon93,
M.C. Lanfermann54, V.S. Lang52, J.C. Lange53, R.J. Langenberg103, A.J. Lankford170,
F. Lanni29, K. Lantzsch24, A. Lanza71a, A. Lapertosa55b,55a, S. Laplace135, J.F. Laporte144,
T. Lari69a, F. Lasagni Manghi23b,23a, M. Lassnig36, T.S. Lau63a, A. Laudrain65, A. Laurier34,
M. Lavorgna70a,70b, S.D. Lawlor94, M. Lazzaroni69a,69b, B. Le101, E. Le Guirriec102, A. Lebedev79,
M. LeBlanc7, T. LeCompte6, F. Ledroit-Guillon58, A.C.A. Lee95, C.A. Lee29, G.R. Lee17,
L. Lee59, S.C. Lee157, S. Lee79, B. Lefebvre167a, H.P. Lefebvre94, M. Lefebvre175, C. Leggett18,
K. Lehmann151, N. Lehmann20, G. Lehmann Miotto36, W.A. Leight46, A. Leisos161,u,
M.A.L. Leite81d, C.E. Leitgeb114, R. Leitner142, D. Lellouch179,∗, K.J.C. Leney42, T. Lenz24,
S. Leone72a, C. Leonidopoulos50, A. Leopold135, C. Leroy110, R. Les166, C.G. Lester32,
M. Levchenko137, J. Levˆeque5, D. Levin106, L.J. Levinson179, D.J. Lewis21, B. Li15b, B. Li106,
C-Q. Li60a, F. Li60c, H. Li60a, H. Li60b, J. Li60c, K. Li147, L. Li60c, M. Li15a,15d, Q. Li15a,15d,
Q.Y. Li60a, S. Li60d,60c, X. Li46, Y. Li46, Z. Li60b, Z. Li134, Z. Li104, Z. Liang15a, M. Liberatore46,
B. Liberti74a, A. Liblong166, K. Lie63c, S. Lim29, C.Y. Lin32, K. Lin107, R.A. Linck66,
R.E. Lindley7, J.H. Lindon21, A. Linss46, A.L. Lionti54, E. Lipeles136, A. Lipniacka17,
T.M. Liss172,ak, A. Lister174, J.D. Little8, B. Liu79, B.L. Liu6, H.B. Liu29, J.B. Liu60a,
J.K.K. Liu37, K. Liu60d, M. Liu60a, P. Liu15a, Y. Liu46, Y. Liu15a,15d, Y.L. Liu106, Y.W. Liu60a,
M. Livan71a,71b, A. Lleres58, J. Llorente Merino151, S.L. Lloyd93, C.Y. Lo63b, E.M. Lobodzinska46,
P. Loch7, S. Loﬀredo74a,74b, T. Lohse19, K. Lohwasser148, M. Lokajicek140, J.D. Long172,
R.E. Long90, L. Longo36, K.A. Looper127, I. Lopez Paz101, A. Lopez Solis148, J. Lorenz114,
N. Lorenzo Martinez5, A.M. Lory114, P.J. L¨osel114, A. L¨osle52, X. Lou46, X. Lou15a, A. Lounis65,
J. Love6, P.A. Love90, J.J. Lozano Bahilo173, M. Lu60a, Y.J. Lu64, H.J. Lubatti147, C. Luci73a,73b,
F.L. Lucio Alves15c, A. Lucotte58, F. Luehring66, I. Luise135, L. Luminari73a, B. Lund-Jensen153,
M.S. Lutz160, D. Lynn29, H. Lyons91, R. Lysak140, E. Lytken97, F. Lyu15a, V. Lyubushkin80,
T. Lyubushkina80, H. Ma29, L.L. Ma60b, Y. Ma95, D.M. Mac Donell175, G. Maccarrone51,
A. Macchiolo115, C.M. Macdonald148, J.C. MacDonald148, J. Machado Miguens136,
D. Madaﬀari173, R. Madar38, W.F. Mader48, M. Madugoda Ralalage Don129, N. Madysa48,
J. Maeda83, T. Maeno29, M. Maerker48, V. Magerl52, N. Magini79, J. Magro67a,67c,q,
D.J. Mahon39, C. Maidantchik81b, T. Maier114, A. Maio139a,139b,139d, K. Maj84a, O. Majersky28a,
S. Majewski131, Y. Makida82, N. Makovec65, B. Malaescu135, Pa. Malecki85, V.P. Maleev137,
F. Malek58, U. Mallik78, D. Malon6, C. Malone32, S. Maltezos10, S. Malyukov80, J. Mamuzic173,


                                         – 41 –
G. Mancini70a,70b, I. Mandi´c92, L. Manhaes de Andrade Filho81a, I.M. Maniatis161,
J. Manjarres Ramos48, K.H. Mankinen97, A. Mann114, A. Manousos77, B. Mansoulie144,
I. Manthos161, S. Manzoni120, A. Marantis161, G. Marceca30, L. Marchese134, G. Marchiori135,
M. Marcisovsky140, L. Marcoccia74a,74b, C. Marcon97, C.A. Marin Tobon36, M. Marjanovic128,
Z. Marshall18, M.U.F. Martensson171, S. Marti-Garcia173, C.B. Martin127, T.A. Martin177,
V.J. Martin50, B. Martin dit Latour17, L. Martinelli75a,75b, M. Martinez14,w,
P. Martinez Agullo173, V.I. Martinez Outschoorn103, S. Martin-Haugh143, V.S. Martoiu27b,
A.C. Martyniuk95, A. Marzin36, S.R. Maschek115, L. Masetti100, T. Mashimo162,
R. Mashinistov111, J. Masik101, A.L. Maslennikov122b,122a, L. Massa23b,23a, P. Massarotti70a,70b,
P. Mastrandrea72a,72b, A. Mastroberardino41b,41a, T. Masubuchi162, D. Matakias29, A. Matic114,
N. Matsuzawa162, P. M¨attig24, J. Maurer27b, B. Maˇcek92, D.A. Maximov122b,122a, R. Mazini157,   JHEP10(2020)062
I. Maznas161, S.M. Mazza145, J.P. Mc Gowan104, S.P. Mc Kee106, T.G. McCarthy115,
W.P. McCormack18, E.F. McDonald105, J.A. Mcfayden36, G. Mchedlidze158b, M.A. McKay42,
K.D. McLean175, S.J. McMahon143, P.C. McNamara105, C.J. McNicol177, R.A. McPherson175,ab,
J.E. Mdhluli33e, Z.A. Meadows103, S. Meehan36, T. Megy38, S. Mehlhase114, A. Mehta91,
B. Meirose43, D. Melini159, B.R. Mellado Garcia33e, J.D. Mellenthin53, M. Melo28a, F. Meloni46,
A. Melzer24, E.D. Mendes Gouveia139a,139e, L. Meng36, X.T. Meng106, S. Menke115,
E. Meoni41b,41a, S. Mergelmeyer19, S.A.M. Merkt138, C. Merlassino134, P. Mermod54,
L. Merola70a,70b, C. Meroni69a, G. Merz106, O. Meshkov113,111, J.K.R. Meshreki150, J. Metcalfe6,
A.S. Mete6, C. Meyer66, J-P. Meyer144, F. Miano155, M. Michetti19, R.P. Middleton143,
L. Mijovi´c50, G. Mikenberg179, M. Mikestikova140, M. Mikuˇz92, H. Mildner148, M. Milesi105,
A. Milic166, C.D. Milke42, D.W. Miller37, A. Milov179, D.A. Milstead45a,45b, R.A. Mina152,
A.A. Minaenko123, I.A. Minashvili158b, A.I. Mincer125, B. Mindur84a, M. Mineev80,
Y. Minegishi162, L.M. Mir14, M. Mironova134, A. Mirto68a,68b, K.P. Mistry136, T. Mitani178,
J. Mitrevski114, V.A. Mitsou173, M. Mittal60c, O. Miu166, A. Miucci20, P.S. Miyagawa93,
A. Mizukami82, J.U. Mj¨ornmark97, T. Mkrtchyan61a, M. Mlynarikova142, T. Moa45a,45b,
S. Mobius53, K. Mochizuki110, P. Mogg114, S. Mohapatra39, R. Moles-Valls24, K. M¨onig46,
E. Monnier102, A. Montalbano151, J. Montejo Berlingen36, M. Montella95, F. Monticelli89,
S. Monzani69a, N. Morange65, D. Moreno22a, M. Moreno Ll´acer173, C. Moreno Martinez14,
P. Morettini55b, M. Morgenstern159, S. Morgenstern48, D. Mori151, M. Morii59, M. Morinaga178,
V. Morisbak133, A.K. Morley36, G. Mornacchi36, A.P. Morris95, L. Morvaj154, P. Moschovakos36,
B. Moser120, M. Mosidze158b, T. Moskalets144, H.J. Moss148, J. Moss31,m, E.J.W. Moyse103,
S. Muanza102, J. Mueller138, R.S.P. Mueller114, D. Muenstermann90, G.A. Mullier97,
D.P. Mungo69a,69b, J.L. Munoz Martinez14, F.J. Munoz Sanchez101, P. Murin28b,
W.J. Murray177,143, A. Murrone69a,69b, J.M. Muse128, M. Muˇskinja18, C. Mwewa33a,
A.G. Myagkov123,ag, A.A. Myers138, J. Myers131, M. Myska141, B.P. Nachman18,
O. Nackenhorst47, A.Nag Nag48, K. Nagai134, K. Nagano82, Y. Nagasaka62, J.L. Nagle29,
E. Nagy102, A.M. Nairz36, Y. Nakahama117, K. Nakamura82, T. Nakamura162, H. Nanjo132,
F. Napolitano61a, R.F. Naranjo Garcia46, R. Narayan42, I. Naryshkin137, T. Naumann46,
G. Navarro22a, P.Y. Nechaeva111, F. Nechansky46, T.J. Neep21, A. Negri71a,71b, M. Negrini23b,
C. Nellist119, C. Nelson104, M.E. Nelson45a,45b, S. Nemecek140, M. Nessi36,e, M.S. Neubauer172,
F. Neuhaus100, M. Neumann181, R. Newhouse174, P.R. Newman21, C.W. Ng138, Y.S. Ng19,
Y.W.Y. Ng170, B. Ngair35e, H.D.N. Nguyen102, T. Nguyen Manh110, E. Nibigira38,
R.B. Nickerson134, R. Nicolaidou144, D.S. Nielsen40, J. Nielsen145, M. Niemeyer53, N. Nikiforou11,
V. Nikolaenko123,ag, I. Nikolic-Audit135, K. Nikolopoulos21, P. Nilsson29, H.R. Nindhito54,
Y. Ninomiya82, A. Nisati73a, N. Nishu60c, R. Nisius115, I. Nitsche47, T. Nitta178, T. Nobe162,
D.L. Noel32, Y. Noguchi86, I. Nomidis135, M.A. Nomura29, M. Nordberg36, J. Novak92,
T. Novak92, O. Novgorodova48, R. Novotny141, L. Nozka130, K. Ntekas170, E. Nurse95,


                                         – 42 –
F.G. Oakham34,al, H. Oberlack115, J. Ocariz135, A. Ochi83, I. Ochoa39, J.P. Ochoa-Ricoux146a,
K. O’Connor26, S. Oda88, S. Odaka82, S. Oerdek53, A. Ogrodnik84a, A. Oh101, S.H. Oh49,
C.C. Ohm153, H. Oide164, M.L. Ojeda166, H. Okawa168, Y. Okazaki86, M.W. O’Keefe91,
Y. Okumura162, T. Okuyama82, A. Olariu27b, L.F. Oleiro Seabra139a, S.A. Olivares Pino146a,
D. Oliveira Damazio29, J.L. Oliver1, M.J.R. Olsson170, A. Olszewski85, J. Olszowska85,
D.C. O’Neil151, A.P. O’neill134, A. Onofre139a,139e, P.U.E. Onyisi11, H. Oppen133,
R.G. Oreamuno Madriz121, M.J. Oreglia37, G.E. Orellana89, D. Orestano75a,75b, N. Orlando14,
R.S. Orr166, V. O’Shea57, R. Ospanov60a, G. Otero y Garzon30, H. Otono88, P.S. Ott61a,
G.J. Ottino18, M. Ouchrif35d, J. Ouellette29, F. Ould-Saada133, A. Ouraou144, Q. Ouyang15a,
M. Owen57, R.E. Owen21, V.E. Ozcan12c, N. Ozturk8, J. Pacalt130, H.A. Pacey32, K. Pachal49,
A. Pacheco Pages14, C. Padilla Aranda14, S. Pagan Griso18, G. Palacino66, S. Palazzo50,          JHEP10(2020)062
S. Palestini36, M. Palka84b, D. Pallin38, P. Palni84a, C.E. Pandini54, J.G. Panduro Vazquez94,
P. Pani46, G. Panizzo67a,67c, L. Paolozzi54, C. Papadatos110, K. Papageorgiou9,g, S. Parajuli42,
A. Paramonov6, C. Paraskevopoulos10, D. Paredes Hernandez63b, S.R. Paredes Saenz134,
B. Parida179, T.H. Park166, A.J. Parker31, M.A. Parker32, F. Parodi55b,55a, E.W. Parrish121,
J.A. Parsons39, U. Parzefall52, L. Pascual Dominguez135, V.R. Pascuzzi18, J.M.P. Pasner145,
F. Pasquali120, E. Pasqualucci73a, S. Passaggio55b, F. Pastore94, P. Pasuwan45a,45b, S. Pataraia100,
J.R. Pater101, A. Pathak180,i, J. Patton91, T. Pauly36, J. Pearkes152, B. Pearson115,
M. Pedersen133, L. Pedraza Diaz119, R. Pedro139a, T. Peiﬀer53, S.V. Peleganchuk122b,122a,
O. Penc140, H. Peng60a, B.S. Peralva81a, M.M. Perego65, A.P. Pereira Peixoto139a,
L. Pereira Sanchez45a,45b, D.V. Perepelitsa29, E. Perez Codina167a, F. Peri19, L. Perini69a,69b,
H. Pernegger36, S. Perrella139a, A. Perrevoort120, K. Peters46, R.F.Y. Peters101, B.A. Petersen36,
T.C. Petersen40, E. Petit102, A. Petridis1, C. Petridou161, P. Petroﬀ65, F. Petrucci75a,75b,
M. Pettee182, N.E. Pettersson103, K. Petukhova142, A. Peyaud144, R. Pezoa146d, L. Pezzotti71a,71b,
T. Pham105, F.H. Phillips107, P.W. Phillips143, M.W. Phipps172, G. Piacquadio154, E. Pianori18,
A. Picazio103, R.H. Pickles101, R. Piegaia30, D. Pietreanu27b, J.E. Pilcher37, A.D. Pilkington101,
M. Pinamonti67a,67c, J.L. Pinfold3, C. Pitman Donaldson95, M. Pitt160, L. Pizzimento74a,74b,
M.-A. Pleier29, V. Pleskot142, E. Plotnikova80, P. Podberezko122b,122a, R. Poettgen97, R. Poggi54,
L. Poggioli135, I. Pogrebnyak107, D. Pohl24, I. Pokharel53, G. Polesello71a, A. Poley18,
A. Policicchio73a,73b, R. Polifka142, A. Polini23b, C.S. Pollard46, V. Polychronakos29,
D. Ponomarenko112, L. Pontecorvo36, S. Popa27a, G.A. Popeneciu27d, L. Portales5,
D.M. Portillo Quintero58, S. Pospisil141, K. Potamianos46, I.N. Potrap80, C.J. Potter32,
H. Potti11, T. Poulsen97, J. Poveda173, T.D. Powell148, G. Pownall46, M.E. Pozo Astigarraga36,
P. Pralavorio102, S. Prell79, D. Price101, M. Primavera68a, M.L. Proﬃtt147, N. Proklova112,
K. Prokoﬁev63c, F. Prokoshin80, S. Protopopescu29, J. Proudfoot6, M. Przybycien84a,
D. Pudzha137, A. Puri172, P. Puzo65, D. Pyatiizbyantseva112, J. Qian106, Y. Qin101, A. Quadt53,
M. Queitsch-Maitland36, A. Qureshi1, M. Racko28a, F. Ragusa69a,69b, G. Rahal98, J.A. Raine54,
S. Rajagopalan29, A. Ramirez Morales93, K. Ran15a,15d, T. Rashid65, D.M. Rauch46,
F. Rauscher114, S. Rave100, B. Ravina148, I. Ravinovich179, J.H. Rawling101, M. Raymond36,
A.L. Read133, N.P. Readioﬀ58, M. Reale68a,68b, D.M. Rebuzzi71a,71b, G. Redlinger29, K. Reeves43,
J. Reichert136, D. Reikher160, A. Reiss100, A. Rej150, C. Rembser36, A. Renardi46, M. Renda27b,
M.B. Rendel115, S. Resconi69a, E.D. Resseguie18, S. Rettie95, B. Reynolds127, E. Reynolds21,
O.L. Rezanova122b,122a, P. Reznicek142, E. Ricci76a,76b, R. Richter115, S. Richter46,
E. Richter-Was84b, M. Ridel135, P. Rieck115, O. Rifki46, M. Rijssenbeek154, A. Rimoldi71a,71b,
M. Rimoldi46, L. Rinaldi23b, T.T. Rinn172, G. Ripellino153, I. Riu14, P. Rivadeneira46,
J.C. Rivera Vergara175, F. Rizatdinova129, E. Rizvi93, C. Rizzi36, S.H. Robertson104,ab,
M. Robin46, D. Robinson32, C.M. Robles Gajardo146d, M. Robles Manzano100, A. Robson57,
A. Rocchi74a,74b, E. Rocco100, C. Roda72a,72b, S. Rodriguez Bosca173, A.M. Rodr´ıguezVera167b,


                                         – 43 –
S. Roe36, J. Roggel181, O. Røhne133, R. R¨ohrig115, R.A. Rojas146d, B. Roland52, C.P.A. Roland66,
J. Roloﬀ29, A. Romaniouk112, M. Romano23b,23a, N. Rompotis91, M. Ronzani125, L. Roos135,
S. Rosati73a, G. Rosin103, B.J. Rosser136, E. Rossi46, E. Rossi75a,75b, E. Rossi70a,70b,
L.P. Rossi55b, L. Rossini69a,69b, R. Rosten14, M. Rotaru27b, B. Rottler52, D. Rousseau65,
G. Rovelli71a,71b, A. Roy11, D. Roy33e, A. Rozanov102, Y. Rozen159, X. Ruan33e, F. R¨uhr52,
A. Ruiz-Martinez173, A. Rummler36, Z. Rurikova52, N.A. Rusakovich80, H.L. Russell104,
L. Rustige38,47, J.P. Rutherfoord7, E.M. R¨uttinger148, M. Rybar39, G. Rybkin65, E.B. Rye133,
A. Ryzhov123, J.A. Sabater Iglesias46, P. Sabatini53, S. Sacerdoti65, H.F-W. Sadrozinski145,
R. Sadykov80, F. Safai Tehrani73a, B. Safarzadeh Samani155, M. Safdari152, P. Saha121,
S. Saha104, M. Sahinsoy115, A. Sahu181, M. Saimpert36, M. Saito162, T. Saito162, H. Sakamoto162,
D. Salamani54, G. Salamanna75a,75b, A. Salnikov152, J. Salt173, A. Salvador Salas14,             JHEP10(2020)062
D. Salvatore41b,41a, F. Salvatore155, A. Salvucci63a,63b,63c, A. Salzburger36, J. Samarati36,
D. Sammel52, D. Sampsonidis161, D. Sampsonidou161, J. S´anchez173, A. Sanchez Pineda67a,36,67c,
H. Sandaker133, C.O. Sander46, I.G. Sanderswood90, M. Sandhoﬀ181, C. Sandoval22a,
D.P.C. Sankey143, M. Sannino55b,55a, Y. Sano117, A. Sansoni51, C. Santoni38, H. Santos139a,139b,
S.N. Santpur18, A. Santra173, A. Sapronov80, J.G. Saraiva139a,139d, O. Sasaki82, K. Sato168,
F. Sauerburger52, E. Sauvan5, P. Savard166,al, R. Sawada162, C. Sawyer143, L. Sawyer96,af ,
I. Sayago Galvan173, C. Sbarra23b, A. Sbrizzi67a,67c, T. Scanlon95, J. Schaarschmidt147,
P. Schacht115, D. Schaefer37, L. Schaefer136, S. Schaepe36, U. Sch¨afer100, A.C. Schaﬀer65,
D. Schaile114, R.D. Schamberger154, E. Schanet114, N. Scharmberg101, V.A. Schegelsky137,
D. Scheirich142, F. Schenck19, M. Schernau170, C. Schiavi55b,55a, L.K. Schildgen24,
Z.M. Schillaci26, E.J. Schioppa68a,68b, M. Schioppa41b,41a, K.E. Schleicher52, S. Schlenker36,
K.R. Schmidt-Sommerfeld115, K. Schmieden36, C. Schmitt100, S. Schmitt46, J.C. Schmoeckel46,
L. Schoeﬀel144, A. Schoening61b, P.G. Scholer52, E. Schopf134, M. Schott100,
J.F.P. Schouwenberg119, J. Schovancova36, S. Schramm54, F. Schroeder181, A. Schulte100,
H-C. Schultz-Coulon61a, M. Schumacher52, B.A. Schumm145, Ph. Schune144, A. Schwartzman152,
T.A. Schwarz106, Ph. Schwemling144, R. Schwienhorst107, A. Sciandra145, G. Sciolla26,
M. Scodeggio46, M. Scornajenghi41b,41a, F. Scuri72a, F. Scutti105, L.M. Scyboz115,
C.D. Sebastiani91, P. Seema19, S.C. Seidel118, A. Seiden145, B.D. Seidlitz29, T. Seiss37, C. Seitz46,
J.M. Seixas81b, G. Sekhniaidze70a, S.J. Sekula42, N. Semprini-Cesari23b,23a, S. Sen49, C. Serfon29,
L. Serin65, L. Serkin67a,67b, M. Sessa60a, H. Severini128, S. Sevova152, F. Sforza55b,55a, A. Sfyrla54,
E. Shabalina53, J.D. Shahinian145, N.W. Shaikh45a,45b, D. Shaked Renous179, L.Y. Shan15a,
M. Shapiro18, A. Sharma134, A.S. Sharma1, P.B. Shatalov124, K. Shaw155, S.M. Shaw101,
M. Shehade179, Y. Shen128, A.D. Sherman25, P. Sherwood95, L. Shi95, S. Shimizu82,
C.O. Shimmin182, Y. Shimogama178, M. Shimojima116, I.P.J. Shipsey134, S. Shirabe164,
M. Shiyakova80,z, J. Shlomi179, A. Shmeleva111, M.J. Shochet37, J. Shojaii105, D.R. Shope128,
S. Shrestha127, E.M. Shrif33e, E. Shulga179, P. Sicho140, A.M. Sickles172, E. Sideras Haddad33e,
O. Sidiropoulou36, A. Sidoti23b,23a, F. Siegert48, Dj. Sijacki16, M.Jr. Silva180,
M.V. Silva Oliveira36, S.B. Silverstein45a, S. Simion65, R. Simoniello100, C.J. Simpson-allsop21,
S. Simsek12b, P. Sinervo166, V. Sinetckii113, S. Singh151, M. Sioli23b,23a, I. Siral131,
S.Yu. Sivoklokov113, J. Sj¨olin45a,45b, A. Skaf53, E. Skorda97, P. Skubic128, M. Slawinska85,
K. Sliwa169, R. Slovak142, V. Smakhtin179, B.H. Smart143, J. Smiesko28b, N. Smirnov112,
S.Yu. Smirnov112, Y. Smirnov112, L.N. Smirnova113,r, O. Smirnova97, H.A. Smith134,
M. Smizanska90, K. Smolek141, A. Smykiewicz85, A.A. Snesarev111, H.L. Snoek120, I.M. Snyder131,
S. Snyder29, R. Sobie175,ab, A. Soﬀer160, A. Søgaard50, F. Sohns53, C.A. Solans Sanchez36,
E.Yu. Soldatov112, U. Soldevila173, A.A. Solodkov123, A. Soloshenko80, O.V. Solovyanov123,
V. Solovyev137, P. Sommer148, H. Son169, W. Song143, W.Y. Song167b, A. Sopczak141,
A.L. Sopio95, F. Sopkova28b, S. Sottocornola71a,71b, R. Soualah67a,67c, A.M. Soukharev122b,122a,


                                         – 44 –
D. South46, S. Spagnolo68a,68b, M. Spalla115, M. Spangenberg177, F. Span`o94, D. Sperlich52,
T.M. Spieker61a, G. Spigo36, M. Spina155, D.P. Spiteri57, M. Spousta142, A. Stabile69a,69b,
B.L. Stamas121, R. Stamen61a, M. Stamenkovic120, E. Stanecka85, B. Stanislaus134,
M.M. Stanitzki46, M. Stankaityte134, B. Stapf120, E.A. Starchenko123, G.H. Stark145, J. Stark58,
P. Staroba140, P. Starovoitov61a, S. St¨arz104, R. Staszewski85, G. Stavropoulos44, M. Stegler46,
P. Steinberg29, A.L. Steinhebel131, B. Stelzer151, H.J. Stelzer138, O. Stelzer-Chilton167a,
H. Stenzel56, T.J. Stevenson155, G.A. Stewart36, M.C. Stockton36, G. Stoicea27b, M. Stolarski139a,
S. Stonjek115, A. Straessner48, J. Strandberg153, S. Strandberg45a,45b, M. Strauss128,
T. Strebler102, P. Strizenec28b, R. Str¨ohmer176, D.M. Strom131, R. Stroynowski42, A. Strubig50,
S.A. Stucci29, B. Stugu17, J. Stupak128, N.A. Styles46, D. Su152, W. Su60c,147, S. Suchek61a,
V.V. Sulin111, M.J. Sullivan91, D.M.S. Sultan54, S. Sultansoy4c, T. Sumida86, S. Sun106,         JHEP10(2020)062
X. Sun101, K. Suruliz155, C.J.E. Suster156, M.R. Sutton155, S. Suzuki82, M. Svatos140,
M. Swiatlowski167a, S.P. Swift2, T. Swirski176, A. Sydorenko100, I. Sykora28a, M. Sykora142,
T. Sykora142, D. Ta100, K. Tackmann46,x, J. Taenzer160, A. Taﬀard170, R. Taﬁrout167a,
H. Takai29, R. Takashima87, K. Takeda83, T. Takeshita149, E.P. Takeva50, Y. Takubo82,
M. Talby102, A.A. Talyshev122b,122a, K.C. Tam63b, N.M. Tamir160, J. Tanaka162, R. Tanaka65,
S. Tapia Araya172, S. Tapprogge100, A. Tarek Abouelfadl Mohamed107, S. Tarem159, K. Tariq60b,
G. Tarna27b,d, G.F. Tartarelli69a, P. Tas142, M. Tasevsky140, T. Tashiro86, E. Tassi41b,41a,
A. Tavares Delgado139a, Y. Tayalati35e, A.J. Taylor50, G.N. Taylor105, W. Taylor167b, H. Teagle91,
A.S. Tee90, R. Teixeira De Lima152, P. Teixeira-Dias94, H. Ten Kate36, J.J. Teoh120, S. Terada82,
K. Terashi162, J. Terron99, S. Terzo14, M. Testa51, R.J. Teuscher166,ab, S.J. Thais182,
N. Themistokleous50, T. Theveneaux-Pelzer46, F. Thiele40, D.W. Thomas94, J.O. Thomas42,
J.P. Thomas21, E.A. Thompson46, P.D. Thompson21, E. Thomson136, E.J. Thorpe93,
R.E. Ticse Torres53, V.O. Tikhomirov111,ah, Yu.A. Tikhonov122b,122a, S. Timoshenko112,
P. Tipton182, S. Tisserant102, K. Todome23b,23a, S. Todorova-Nova142, S. Todt48, J. Tojo88,
S. Tok´ar28a, K. Tokushuku82, E. Tolley127, R. Tombs32, K.G. Tomiwa33e, M. Tomoto117,
L. Tompkins152, P. Tornambe103, E. Torrence131, H. Torres48, E. Torr´oPastor147, C. Tosciri134,
J. Toth102,aa, D.R. Tovey148, A. Traeet17, C.J. Treado125, T. Trefzger176, F. Tresoldi155,
A. Tricoli29, I.M. Trigger167a, S. Trincaz-Duvoid135, D.A. Trischuk174, W. Trischuk166,
B. Trocm´e58, A. Trofymov65, C. Troncon69a, F. Trovato155, L. Truong33c, M. Trzebinski85,
A. Trzupek85, F. Tsai46, J.C-L. Tseng134, P.V. Tsiareshka108,ae, A. Tsirigotis161,u,
V. Tsiskaridze154, E.G. Tskhadadze158a, M. Tsopoulou161, I.I. Tsukerman124, V. Tsulaia18,
S. Tsuno82, D. Tsybychev154, Y. Tu63b, A. Tudorache27b, V. Tudorache27b, T.T. Tulbure27a,
A.N. Tuna59, S. Turchikhin80, D. Turgeman179, I. Turk Cakir4b,s, R.J. Turner21, R. Turra69a,
P.M. Tuts39, S. Tzamarias161, E. Tzovara100, K. Uchida162, F. Ukegawa168, G. Unal36,
A. Undrus29, G. Unel170, F.C. Ungaro105, Y. Unno82, K. Uno162, J. Urban28b, P. Urquijo105,
G. Usai8, Z. Uysal12d, V. Vacek141, B. Vachon104, K.O.H. Vadla133, T. Vafeiadis36, A. Vaidya95,
C. Valderanis114, E. Valdes Santurio45a,45b, M. Valente54, S. Valentinetti23b,23a, A. Valero173,
L. Val´ery46, R.A. Vallance21, A. Vallier36, J.A. Valls Ferrer173, T.R. Van Daalen14,
P. Van Gemmeren6, I. Van Vulpen120, M. Vanadia74a,74b, W. Vandelli36, M. Vandenbroucke144,
E.R. Vandewall129, A. Vaniachine165, D. Vannicola73a,73b, R. Vari73a, E.W. Varnes7,
C. Varni55b,55a, T. Varol157, D. Varouchas65, K.E. Varvell156, M.E. Vasile27b, G.A. Vasquez175,
F. Vazeille38, D. Vazquez Furelos14, T. Vazquez Schroeder36, J. Veatch53, V. Vecchio101,
M.J. Veen120, L.M. Veloce166, F. Veloso139a,139c, S. Veneziano73a, A. Ventura68a,68b, N. Venturi36,
A. Verbytskyi115, V. Vercesi71a, M. Verducci72a,72b, C.M. Vergel Infante79, C. Vergis24,
W. Verkerke120, A.T. Vermeulen120, J.C. Vermeulen120, C. Vernieri152, M.C. Vetterli151,al,
N. Viaux Maira146d, T. Vickey148, O.E. Vickey Boeriu148, G.H.A. Viehhauser134, L. Vigani61b,
M. Villa23b,23a, M. Villaplana Perez3, E.M. Villhauer50, E. Vilucchi51, M.G. Vincter34,


                                         – 45 –
G.S. Virdee21, A. Vishwakarma50, C. Vittori23b,23a, I. Vivarelli155, M. Vogel181, P. Vokac141,
S.E. von Buddenbrock33e, E. Von Toerne24, V. Vorobel142, K. Vorobev112, M. Vos173,
J.H. Vossebeld91, M. Vozak101, N. Vranjes16, M. Vranjes Milosavljevic16, V. Vrba141,
M. Vreeswijk120, R. Vuillermet36, I. Vukotic37, S. Wada168, P. Wagner24, W. Wagner181,
J. Wagner-Kuhr114, S. Wahdan181, H. Wahlberg89, R. Wakasa168, V.M. Walbrecht115,
J. Walder90, R. Walker114, S.D. Walker94, W. Walkowiak150, V. Wallangen45a,45b, A.M. Wang59,
A.Z. Wang180, C. Wang60c, F. Wang180, H. Wang18, H. Wang3, J. Wang63a, P. Wang42,
Q. Wang128, R.-J. Wang100, R. Wang60a, R. Wang6, S.M. Wang157, W.T. Wang60a, W. Wang15c,
W.X. Wang60a, Y. Wang60a, Z. Wang106, C. Wanotayaroj46, A. Warburton104, C.P. Ward32,
D.R. Wardrope95, N. Warrack57, A.T. Watson21, M.F. Watson21, G. Watts147, B.M. Waugh95,
A.F. Webb11, C. Weber29, M.S. Weber20, S.A. Weber34, S.M. Weber61a, A.R. Weidberg134,            JHEP10(2020)062
J. Weingarten47, M. Weirich100, C. Weiser52, P.S. Wells36, T. Wenaus29, T. Wengler36,
S. Wenig36, N. Wermes24, M. Wessels61a, T.D. Weston20, K. Whalen131, N.L. Whallon147,
A.M. Wharton90, A.S. White106, A. White8, M.J. White1, D. Whiteson170, B.W. Whitmore90,
W. Wiedenmann180, C. Wiel48, M. Wielers143, N. Wieseotte100, C. Wiglesworth40,
L.A.M. Wiik-Fuchs52, H.G. Wilkens36, L.J. Wilkins94, H.H. Williams136, S. Williams32,
S. Willocq103, P.J. Windischhofer134, I. Wingerter-Seez5, E. Winkels155, F. Winklmeier131,
B.T. Winter52, M. Wittgen152, M. Wobisch96, A. Wolf100, R. W¨olker134, J. Wollrath52,
M.W. Wolter85, H. Wolters139a,139c, V.W.S. Wong174, N.L. Woods145, S.D. Worm46,
B.K. Wosiek85, K.W. Wo´zniak85, K. Wraight57, S.L. Wu180, X. Wu54, Y. Wu60a,
J. Wuerzinger134, T.R. Wyatt101, B.M. Wynne50, S. Xella40, L. Xia177, J. Xiang63c, X. Xiao106,
X. Xie60a, I. Xiotidis155, D. Xu15a, H. Xu60a, H. Xu60a, L. Xu29, T. Xu144, W. Xu106, Z. Xu60b,
Z. Xu152, B. Yabsley156, S. Yacoob33a, K. Yajima132, D.P. Yallup95, N. Yamaguchi88,
Y. Yamaguchi164, A. Yamamoto82, M. Yamatani162, T. Yamazaki162, Y. Yamazaki83, J. Yan60c,
Z. Yan25, H.J. Yang60c,60d, H.T. Yang18, S. Yang60a, T. Yang63c, X. Yang60b,58, Y. Yang162,
Z. Yang60a, W-M. Yao18, Y.C. Yap46, Y. Yasu82, E. Yatsenko60c,60d, H. Ye15c, J. Ye42, S. Ye29,
I. Yeletskikh80, M.R. Yexley90, E. Yigitbasi25, P. Yin39, K. Yorita178, K. Yoshihara79,
C.J.S. Young36, C. Young152, J. Yu79, R. Yuan60b,h, X. Yue61a, M. Zaazoua35e, B. Zabinski85,
G. Zacharis10, E. Zaﬀaroni54, J. Zahreddine135, A.M. Zaitsev123,ag, T. Zakareishvili158b,
N. Zakharchuk34, S. Zambito36, D. Zanzi36, D.R. Zaripovas57, S.V. Zeißner47, C. Zeitnitz181,
G. Zemaityte134, J.C. Zeng172, O. Zenin123, T. Zeniˇsˇ 28a, D. Zerwas65, M. Zgubiˇc134, B. Zhang15c,
D.F. Zhang15b, G. Zhang15b, J. Zhang6, Kaili. Zhang15a, L. Zhang15c, L. Zhang60a, M. Zhang172,
R. Zhang180, S. Zhang106, X. Zhang60c, X. Zhang60b, Y. Zhang15a,15d, Z. Zhang63a, Z. Zhang65,
P. Zhao49, Z. Zhao60a, A. Zhemchugov80, Z. Zheng106, D. Zhong172, B. Zhou106, C. Zhou180,
H. Zhou7, M.S. Zhou15a,15d, M. Zhou154, N. Zhou60c, Y. Zhou7, C.G. Zhu60b, C. Zhu15a,15d,
H.L. Zhu60a, H. Zhu15a, J. Zhu106, Y. Zhu60a, X. Zhuang15a, K. Zhukov111, V. Zhulanov122b,122a,
D. Zieminska66, N.I. Zimine80, S. Zimmermann52, Z. Zinonos115, M. Ziolkowski150, L. Zivkovi´cˇ 16,
G. Zobernig180, A. Zoccoli23b,23a, K. Zoch53, T.G. Zorbas148, R. Zou37, L. Zwalinski36.

    1 Department of Physics, University of Adelaide, Adelaide; Australia
    2 Physics Department, SUNY Albany, Albany NY; United States of America
    3 Department of Physics, University of Alberta, Edmonton AB; Canada
    4 Department of Physics(a), Ankara University, Ankara; Istanbul Aydin University(b), Application
      and Research Center for Advanced Studies, Istanbul; Division of Physics(c), TOBB University of
      Economics and Technology, Ankara; Turkey
    5 LAPP, Universit´eGrenoble Alpes, Universit´eSavoie Mont Blanc, CNRS/IN2P3, Annecy; France
    6 High Energy Physics Division, Argonne National Laboratory, Argonne IL; United States of America
    7 Department of Physics, University of Arizona, Tucson AZ; United States of America
    8 Department of Physics, University of Texas at Arlington, Arlington TX; United States of America


                                         – 46 –
 9 Physics Department, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Athens; Greece
10 Physics Department, National Technical University of Athens, Zografou; Greece
11 Department of Physics, University of Texas at Austin, Austin TX; United States of America
12 Bahcesehir University(a), Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences, Istanbul; Istanbul Bilgi
   University(b), Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences, Istanbul; Department of Physics(c),
   Bogazici University, Istanbul; Department of Physics Engineering(d), Gaziantep University,
   Gaziantep; Turkey
13 Institute of Physics, Azerbaijan Academy of Sciences, Baku; Azerbaijan
14 Institut de F´ısica d’Altes Energies (IFAE), Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology,
   Barcelona; Spain
15 Institute of High Energy Physics(a), Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing; Physics Department(b),
   Tsinghua University, Beijing; Department of Physics(c), Nanjing University, Nanjing; University of      JHEP10(2020)062
   Chinese Academy of Science (UCAS)(d), Beijing; China
16 Institute of Physics, University of Belgrade, Belgrade; Serbia
17 Department for Physics and Technology, University of Bergen, Bergen; Norway
18 Physics Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and University of California, Berkeley
   CA; United States of America
19 Institut f¨urPhysik, Humboldt Universit¨atzu Berlin, Berlin; Germany
20 Albert Einstein Center for Fundamental Physics and Laboratory for High Energy Physics,
   University of Bern, Bern; Switzerland
21 School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Birmingham, Birmingham; United Kingdom
22 Facultad de Ciencias y Centro de Investigaci´ones(a), Universidad Antonio Nari˜no,Bogot´a;
   Departamento de F´ısica(b), Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogot´a,Colombia; Colombia
23 INFN Bologna and Universita’ di Bologna(a), Dipartimento di Fisica; INFN Sezione di Bologna(b);
   Italy
24 Physikalisches Institut, Universit¨atBonn, Bonn; Germany
25 Department of Physics, Boston University, Boston MA; United States of America
26 Department of Physics, Brandeis University, Waltham  MA; United States of America
27 Transilvania University of Brasov(a), Brasov; Horia Hulubei National Institute of Physics and
   Nuclear Engineering(b), Bucharest; Department of Physics(c), Alexandru Ioan Cuza University of
   Iasi, Iasi; National Institute for Research and Development of Isotopic and Molecular
   Technologies(d), Physics Department, Cluj-Napoca; University Politehnica Bucharest(e), Bucharest;
   West University in Timisoara(f), Timisoara; Romania
28 Faculty of Mathematics(a), Physics and Informatics, Comenius University, Bratislava; Department
   of Subnuclear Physics(b), Institute of Experimental Physics of the Slovak Academy of Sciences,
   Kosice; Slovak Republic
29 Physics Department, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Upton NY; United States of America
30 Departamento de F´ısica, Universidad de Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires; Argentina
31 California State University, CA; United States of America
32 Cavendish Laboratory, University of Cambridge, Cambridge; United Kingdom
33 Department of Physics(a), University of Cape Town, Cape Town; iThemba Labs(b), Western Cape;
   Department of Mechanical Engineering Science(c), University of Johannesburg, Johannesburg;
   University of South Africa(d), Department of Physics, Pretoria; School of Physics(e), University of
   the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg; South Africa
34 Department of Physics, Carleton University, Ottawa ON; Canada
35 Facult´edes Sciences Ain Chock(a), R´eseau Universitaire de Physique des Hautes Energies —
   Universit´eHassan II, Casablanca; Facult´edes Sciences(b), Universit´eIbn-Tofail, K´enitra; Facult´e
   des Sciences Semlalia(c), Universit´eCadi Ayyad, LPHEA-Marrakech; Facult´edes Sciences(d),
   Universit´eMohamed Premier and LPTPM, Oujda; Facult´edes sciences(e), Universit´eMohammed
   V, Rabat; Morocco
36 CERN, Geneva; Switzerland
37 Enrico Fermi Institute, University of Chicago, Chicago IL; United States of America


                                            – 47 –
38 LPC, Universit´eClermont Auvergne, CNRS/IN2P3, Clermont-Ferrand; France
39 Nevis Laboratory, Columbia University, Irvington NY; United States of America
40 Niels Bohr Institute, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen; Denmark
41 Dipartimento di Fisica(a), Universit`adella Calabria, Rende; INFN Gruppo Collegato di Cosenza(b),
   Laboratori Nazionali di Frascati; Italy
42 Physics Department, Southern Methodist University, Dallas TX; United States of America
43 Physics Department, University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson TX; United States of America
44 National Centre for Scientiﬁc Research “Demokritos”, Agia Paraskevi; Greece
45 Department of Physics(a), Stockholm University; Oskar Klein Centre(b), Stockholm; Sweden
46 Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron DESY, Hamburg and Zeuthen; Germany
47 Lehrstuhl f¨urExperimentelle Physik IV, Technische Universit¨atDortmund, Dortmund; Germany
48 Institut f¨urKern- und Teilchenphysik, Technische Universit¨atDresden, Dresden; Germany                 JHEP10(2020)062
49 Department of Physics, Duke University, Durham  NC; United States of America
50 SUPA - School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh; United Kingdom
51 INFN e Laboratori Nazionali di Frascati, Frascati; Italy
52 Physikalisches Institut, Albert-Ludwigs-Universit¨atFreiburg, Freiburg; Germany
53 II. Physikalisches Institut, Georg-August-Universit¨atG¨ottingen,G¨ottingen;Germany
54 D´epartement de Physique Nucl´eaire et Corpusculaire, Universit´ede Gen`eve,Gen`eve;Switzerland
55 Dipartimento di Fisica(a), Universit`adi Genova, Genova; INFN Sezione di Genova(b); Italy
56 II. Physikalisches Institut, Justus-Liebig-Universit¨atGiessen, Giessen; Germany
57 SUPA —   School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Glasgow, Glasgow; United Kingdom
58 LPSC, Universit´eGrenoble Alpes, CNRS/IN2P3, Grenoble INP, Grenoble; France
59 Laboratory for Particle Physics and Cosmology, Harvard University, Cambridge MA; United States
   of America
60 Department of Modern Physics and State Key Laboratory of Particle Detection and Electronics(a),
   University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei; Institute of Frontier and Interdisciplinary
   Science and Key Laboratory of Particle Physics and Particle Irradiation (MOE)(b), Shandong
   University, Qingdao; School of Physics and Astronomy(c), Shanghai Jiao Tong University,
   KLPPAC-MoE, SKLPPC, Shanghai; Tsung-Dao Lee Institute(d), Shanghai; China
61 Kirchhoﬀ-Institut f¨urPhysik(a), Ruprecht-Karls-Universit¨atHeidelberg, Heidelberg; Physikalisches
   Institut(b), Ruprecht-Karls-Universit¨atHeidelberg, Heidelberg; Germany
62 Faculty of Applied Information Science, Hiroshima Institute of Technology, Hiroshima; Japan
63 Department of Physics(a), Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong;
   Department of Physics(b), University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong; Department of Physics and
   Institute for Advanced Study(c), Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Clear Water
   Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong; China
64 Department of Physics, National Tsing Hua University, Hsinchu; Taiwan
65 IJCLab, Universit´eParis-Saclay, CNRS/IN2P3, 91405, Orsay; France
66 Department of Physics, Indiana University, Bloomington IN; United States of America
67 INFN Gruppo Collegato di Udine(a), Sezione di Trieste, Udine; ICTP(b), Trieste; Dipartimento
   Politecnico di Ingegneria e Architettura(c), Universit`adi Udine, Udine; Italy
68 INFN Sezione di Lecce(a); Dipartimento di Matematica e Fisica(b), Universit`adel Salento, Lecce;
   Italy
69 INFN Sezione di Milano(a); Dipartimento di Fisica(b), Universit`adi Milano, Milano; Italy
70 INFN Sezione di Napoli(a); Dipartimento di Fisica(b), Universit`adi Napoli, Napoli; Italy
71 INFN Sezione di Pavia(a); Dipartimento di Fisica(b), Universit`adi Pavia, Pavia; Italy
72 INFN Sezione di Pisa(a); Dipartimento di Fisica E. Fermi(b), Universit`adi Pisa, Pisa; Italy
73 INFN Sezione di Roma(a); Dipartimento di Fisica(b), Sapienza Universit`adi Roma, Roma; Italy
74 INFN Sezione di Roma Tor Vergata(a); Dipartimento di Fisica(b), Universit`adi Roma Tor Vergata,
   Roma; Italy
75 INFN Sezione di Roma Tre(a); Dipartimento di Matematica e Fisica(b), Universit`aRoma Tre,
   Roma; Italy


                                            – 48 –
 76 INFN-TIFPA(a); Universit`adegli Studi di Trento(b), Trento; Italy
 77 Institut f¨urAstro- und Teilchenphysik, Leopold-Franzens-Universit¨at,Innsbruck; Austria
 78 University of Iowa, Iowa City IA; United States of America
 79 Department of Physics and Astronomy, Iowa State University, Ames IA; United States of America
 80 Joint Institute for Nuclear Research, Dubna; Russia
 81 Departamento de Engenharia El´etrica(a), Universidade Federal de Juiz de Fora (UFJF), Juiz de
    Fora; Universidade Federal do Rio De Janeiro COPPE/EE/IF(b), Rio de Janeiro; Universidade
    Federal de S˜aoJo˜aodel Rei (UFSJ)(c), S˜aoJo˜aodel Rei; Instituto de F´ısica(d), Universidade de
    S˜aoPaulo, S˜aoPaulo; Brazil
 82 KEK, High Energy Accelerator Research Organization, Tsukuba; Japan
 83 Graduate School of Science, Kobe University, Kobe; Japan
 84 AGH University of Science and Technology(a), Faculty of Physics and Applied Computer Science,           JHEP10(2020)062
    Krakow; Marian Smoluchowski Institute of Physics(b), Jagiellonian University, Krakow; Poland
 85 Institute of Nuclear Physics Polish Academy of Sciences, Krakow; Poland
 86 Faculty of Science, Kyoto University, Kyoto; Japan
 87 Kyoto University of Education, Kyoto; Japan
 88 Research Center for Advanced Particle Physics and Department of Physics, Kyushu University,
    Fukuoka; Japan
 89 Instituto de F´ısica La Plata, Universidad Nacional de La Plata and CONICET, La Plata; Argentina
 90 Physics Department, Lancaster University, Lancaster; United Kingdom
 91 Oliver Lodge Laboratory, University of Liverpool, Liverpool; United Kingdom
 92 Department of Experimental Particle Physics, JoˇzefStefan Institute and Department of Physics,
    University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana; Slovenia
 93 School of Physics and Astronomy, Queen Mary University of London, London; United Kingdom
 94 Department of Physics, Royal Holloway University of London, Egham; United Kingdom
 95 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University College London, London; United Kingdom
 96 Louisiana Tech University, Ruston LA; United States of America
 97 Fysiska institutionen, Lunds universitet, Lund; Sweden
 98 Centre de Calcul de l’Institut National de Physique Nucl´eaire et de Physique des Particules
    (IN2P3), Villeurbanne; France
 99 Departamento de F´ısica Teorica C-15 and CIAFF, Universidad Aut´onomade Madrid, Madrid;
    Spain
100 Institut f¨urPhysik, Universit¨atMainz, Mainz; Germany
101 School of Physics and Astronomy, University of Manchester, Manchester; United Kingdom
102 CPPM, Aix-Marseille Universit´e,CNRS/IN2P3, Marseille; France
103 Department of Physics, University of Massachusetts, Amherst MA; United States of America
104 Department of Physics, McGill University, Montreal QC; Canada
105 School of Physics, University of Melbourne, Victoria; Australia
106 Department of Physics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor MI; United States of America
107 Department of Physics and Astronomy, Michigan State University, East Lansing MI; United States
    of America
108 B.I. Stepanov Institute of Physics, National Academy of Sciences of Belarus, Minsk; Belarus
109 Research Institute for Nuclear Problems of Byelorussian State University, Minsk; Belarus
110 Group of Particle Physics, University of Montreal, Montreal QC; Canada
111 P.N. Lebedev Physical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow; Russia
112 National Research Nuclear University MEPhI, Moscow; Russia
113 D.V. Skobeltsyn Institute of Nuclear Physics, M.V. Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow;
    Russia
114 Fakult¨atf¨urPhysik, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universit¨atM¨unchen,M¨unchen;Germany
115 Max-Planck-Institut f¨urPhysik (Werner-Heisenberg-Institut), M¨unchen;Germany
116 Nagasaki Institute of Applied Science, Nagasaki; Japan
117 Graduate School of Science and Kobayashi-Maskawa Institute, Nagoya University, Nagoya; Japan


                                             – 49 –
118 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque NM; United States
    of America
119 Institute for Mathematics, Astrophysics and Particle Physics, Radboud University
    Nijmegen/Nikhef, Nijmegen; Netherlands
120 Nikhef National Institute for Subatomic Physics and University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam;
    Netherlands
121 Department of Physics, Northern Illinois University, DeKalb IL; United States of America
122 Budker Institute of Nuclear Physics and NSU(a), SB RAS, Novosibirsk; Novosibirsk State
    University Novosibirsk(b); Russia
123 Institute for High Energy Physics of the National Research Centre Kurchatov Institute, Protvino;
    Russia
124 Institute for Theoretical and Experimental Physics named by A.I. Alikhanov of National Research         JHEP10(2020)062
    Centre “Kurchatov Institute”, Moscow; Russia
125 Department of Physics, New York University, New York NY; United States of America
126 Ochanomizu University, Otsuka, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo; Japan
127 Ohio State University, Columbus OH; United States of America
128 Homer L. Dodge Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Oklahoma, Norman OK;
    United States of America
129 Department of Physics, Oklahoma State University, Stillwater OK; United States of America
130 Palack´yUniversity, RCPTM, Joint Laboratory of Optics, Olomouc; Czech Republic
131 Institute for Fundamental Science, University of Oregon, Eugene, OR; United States of America
132 Graduate School of Science, Osaka University, Osaka; Japan
133 Department of Physics, University of Oslo, Oslo; Norway
134 Department of Physics, Oxford University, Oxford; United Kingdom
135 LPNHE, Sorbonne Universit´e,Universit´ede Paris, CNRS/IN2P3, Paris; France
136 Department of Physics, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia PA; United States of America
137 Konstantinov Nuclear Physics Institute of National Research Centre “Kurchatov Institute”, PNPI,
    St. Petersburg; Russia
138 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh PA; United States of
    America
139 Laborat´oriode Instrumenta¸c˜aoe F´ısica Experimental de Part´ıculas — LIP(a), Lisboa;
    Departamento de F´ısica(b), Faculdade de Ciˆencias,Universidade de Lisboa, Lisboa; Departamento
    de F´ısica(c), Universidade de Coimbra, Coimbra; Centro de F´ısica Nuclear da Universidade de
    Lisboa(d), Lisboa; Departamento de F´ısica(e), Universidade do Minho, Braga; Departamento de
    F´ısica Te´orica y del Cosmos(f), Universidad de Granada, Granada (Spain); Dep F´ısica and
    CEFITEC of Faculdade de Ciˆenciase Tecnologia(g), Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Caparica;
    Instituto Superior T´ecnico(h), Universidade de Lisboa, Lisboa; Portugal
140 Institute of Physics of the Czech Academy of Sciences, Prague; Czech Republic
141 Czech Technical University in Prague, Prague; Czech Republic
142 Charles University, Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Prague; Czech Republic
143 Particle Physics Department, Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, Didcot; United Kingdom
144 IRFU, CEA, Universit´eParis-Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette; France
145 Santa Cruz Institute for Particle Physics, University of California Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz CA;
    United States of America
146 Departamento de F´ısica(a), Pontiﬁcia Universidad Cat´olica de Chile, Santiago; Universidad Andres
    Bello(b), Department of Physics, Santiago; Instituto de Alta Investigaci´on(c), Universidad de
    Tarapac´a;Departamento de F´ısica(d), Universidad T´ecnica Federico Santa Mar´ıa,Valpara´ıso;Chile
147 Department of Physics, University of Washington, Seattle WA; United States of America
148 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Sheﬃeld, Sheﬃeld; United Kingdom
149 Department of Physics, Shinshu University, Nagano; Japan
150 Department Physik, Universit¨atSiegen, Siegen; Germany
151 Department of Physics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby BC; Canada


                                             – 50 –
152 SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, Stanford CA; United States of America
153 Physics Department, Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm; Sweden
154 Departments of Physics and Astronomy, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook NY; United States of
    America
155 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Sussex, Brighton; United Kingdom
156 School of Physics, University of Sydney, Sydney; Australia
157 Institute of Physics, Academia Sinica, Taipei; Taiwan
158 E. Andronikashvili Institute of Physics(a), Iv. Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University, Tbilisi; High
    Energy Physics Institute(b), Tbilisi State University, Tbilisi; Georgia
159 Department of Physics, Technion, Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa; Israel
160 Raymond and Beverly Sackler School of Physics and Astronomy, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv;
    Israel                                                                                                  JHEP10(2020)062
161 Department of Physics, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Thessaloniki; Greece
162 International Center for Elementary Particle Physics and Department of Physics, University of
    Tokyo, Tokyo; Japan
163 Graduate School of Science and Technology, Tokyo Metropolitan University, Tokyo; Japan
164 Department of Physics, Tokyo Institute of Technology, Tokyo; Japan
165 Tomsk State University, Tomsk; Russia
166 Department of Physics, University of Toronto, Toronto ON; Canada
167 TRIUMF(a), Vancouver BC; Department of Physics and Astronomy(b), York University, Toronto
    ON; Canada
168 Division of Physics and Tomonaga Center for the History of the Universe, Faculty of Pure and
    Applied Sciences, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba; Japan
169 Department of Physics and Astronomy, Tufts University, Medford MA; United States of America
170 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of California Irvine, Irvine CA; United States of
    America
171 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Uppsala, Uppsala; Sweden
172 Department of Physics, University of Illinois, Urbana IL; United States of America
173 Instituto de F´ısica Corpuscular (IFIC), Centro Mixto Universidad de Valencia — CSIC, Valencia;
    Spain
174 Department of Physics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver BC; Canada
175 Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Victoria, Victoria BC; Canada
176 Fakult¨atf¨urPhysik und Astronomie, Julius-Maximilians-Universit¨atW¨urzburg, W¨urzburg;
    Germany
177 Department of Physics, University of Warwick, Coventry; United Kingdom
178 Waseda University, Tokyo; Japan
179 Department of Particle Physics, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot; Israel
180 Department of Physics, University of Wisconsin, Madison WI; United States of America
181 Fakult¨atf¨urMathematik und Naturwissenschaften, Fachgruppe Physik, Bergische Universit¨at
    Wuppertal, Wuppertal; Germany
182 Department of Physics, Yale University, New Haven CT; United States of America

 a  Also at Borough of Manhattan Community College, City University of New York, New York NY;
    United States of America
  b Also at Centro Studi e Ricerche Enrico Fermi; Italy
  c Also at CERN, Geneva; Switzerland
  d Also at CPPM, Aix-Marseille Universit´e,CNRS/IN2P3, Marseille; France
  e Also at D´epartement de Physique Nucl´eaire et Corpusculaire, Universit´ede Gen`eve,Gen`eve;
    Switzerland
 f  Also at Departament de Fisica de la Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona, Barcelona; Spain
  g Also at Department of Financial and Management Engineering, University of the Aegean, Chios;
    Greece


                                             – 51 –
 h  Also at Department of Physics and Astronomy, Michigan State University, East Lansing MI;
    United States of America
  i Also at Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY; United
    States of America
  j Also at Department of Physics, Ben Gurion University of the Negev, Beer Sheva; Israel
 k  Also at Department of Physics, California State University, East Bay; United States of America
  l Also at Department of Physics, California State University, Fresno; United States of America
 m  Also at Department of Physics, California State University, Sacramento; United States of America
 n  Also at Department of Physics, King’s College London, London; United Kingdom
  o Also at Department of Physics, St. Petersburg State Polytechnical University, St. Petersburg;
    Russia
  p Also at Department of Physics, University of Fribourg, Fribourg; Switzerland                            JHEP10(2020)062
  q Also at Dipartimento di Matematica, Informatica e Fisica, Universit`adi Udine, Udine; Italy
  r Also at Faculty of Physics, M.V. Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow; Russia
  s Also at Giresun University, Faculty of Engineering, Giresun; Turkey
  t Also at Graduate School of Science, Osaka University, Osaka; Japan
 u  Also at Hellenic Open University, Patras; Greece
 v  Also at IJCLab, Universit´eParis-Saclay, CNRS/IN2P3, 91405, Orsay; France
 w  Also at Institucio Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avancats, ICREA, Barcelona; Spain
 x  Also at Institut f¨urExperimentalphysik, Universit¨atHamburg, Hamburg; Germany
 y  Also at Institute for Mathematics, Astrophysics and Particle Physics, Radboud University
    Nijmegen/Nikhef, Nijmegen; Netherlands
  z Also at Institute for Nuclear Research and Nuclear Energy (INRNE) of the Bulgarian Academy of
    Sciences, Soﬁa; Bulgaria
aa  Also at Institute for Particle and Nuclear Physics, Wigner Research Centre for Physics, Budapest;
    Hungary
 ab Also at Institute of Particle Physics (IPP), Vancouver; Canada
 ac Also at Institute of Physics, Azerbaijan Academy of Sciences, Baku; Azerbaijan
 ad Also at Instituto de Fisica Teorica, IFT-UAM/CSIC, Madrid; Spain
 ae Also at Joint Institute for Nuclear Research, Dubna; Russia
af  Also at Louisiana Tech University, Ruston LA; United States of America
 ag Also at Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology State University, Dolgoprudny; Russia
ah  Also at National Research Nuclear University MEPhI, Moscow; Russia
 ai Also at Physics Department, An-Najah National University, Nablus; Palestine
 aj Also at Physikalisches Institut, Albert-Ludwigs-Universit¨atFreiburg, Freiburg; Germany
ak  Also at The City College of New York, New York NY; United States of America
 al Also at TRIUMF, Vancouver BC; Canada
am  Also at Universita di Napoli Parthenope, Napoli; Italy
an  Also at University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS), Beijing; China
  ∗ Deceased


                                             – 52 –